I swear, Burrata didn't exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't understand it; it could be that the tools are simply so diverse and vague that my brain is blocked due to 'too many options'.
For Interspeech, we could also divide it paper by paper. So that some papers would go into the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submitted papers would later come for the PBML proceedings. And the authors could freely choose. So we need to negotiate either with SIGDial or Interspeech. Whether it's okay for them to have some of our papers, provided these papers are submitted by the March deadline. So there is an absolutely strict requirement. And I think they can't object to that. Because if the paper is worth publishing. It's just a bonus that the paper has a shared task result that appears in the satellite event. So yes, I think that's fine. So we don't need to apply for a special session. At Interspeech it's called a special session, we don't want that. At Interspeech we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people. If you manage to finish your paper by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you will have it at Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it for the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that's for PBML.
My neighbor and I arrived home at the same time, and I could hear him coughing and having a Covid phlegm attack from across the street. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me to chat. I swear, Covid-infected people are like zombies trying to infect everyone else.
Yes, well, I mean, at the moment I've done the same thing.
This would be mainly for surfing the internet, occasional emails, and some games.
Okay, so just a question for me to make sure: In the concatenation settings, you insert the sentence separator, right? Do you have a special token to distinguish what is the source and what is the context or the other sentence, or do you simply concatenate them without anything and hope that the system learns it?
According to a Bloomberg report on Friday, Donald Trump's heavily indebted skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "creditor watch" due to declining revenues and rising costs. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly report on the remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Meanwhile, expenses have increased by 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and which was valued at $540 million in 2015.
I really liked the ring - but couldn't wear it constantly! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I'm giving 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is that I realized I couldn't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings constantly, which is why I always make sure to buy Sterling Silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even while washing hands - and didn't notice any discoloration. Interestingly, the problem I had was that the inside of the ring actually made my finger white and damp - similar to a bandage when worn for a long time. This happened even when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and have never experienced it with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really liked it a lot! So if you're buying this ring with the intention of wearing it only occasionally, I say: Go for it!! You won't be disappointed!
Oh yes, I don't know if you caught it when we were talking about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (blow) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmata are actually manually inflected correctly, but that's not a problem, it's actually good that it's correct, yes. So I thought it could be. But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try to do some style transfer with the models? As you know, we can use a constraint and instead try to use a synonymous constraint and see or compare how, how, what the difference is between the outputs. But that's, I'm just describing it vaguely because I don't have a clear idea myself of how to do it, but it could be an interesting, different scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know of any style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have anything like that?
I haven't really achieved anything. I'm happy that some people have come to me privately and said: "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to grant you this amount of money".
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka their home, and just over 700 lived in the central city district. Ullern, Vestre Aker and Nordstrand formed the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, these districts had significantly more immigrants than the center of Oslo and Marka. People from EU and EEA countries as well as from the United Kingdom predominantly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo and St. Hanshaugen. While many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner and Søndre Nordstrand.
On the day of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks that destroyed the World Trade Center and killed 3,000 people, Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street had suddenly become the tallest building in the city. His claim was not only insensitive but also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year prison sentence, the shadow chancellor said. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key local party figures had resigned in protest at the way Labour's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the parliamentary selection process for the next general election.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism influencing the actual content of science are compatible with theories asserting the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
On the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said, "Long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear-ishly unfortunate bear after it was trapped in a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the agency, the bear had settled in a culvert beside the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. As the snow began to melt, the culvert started to flood and the bear became trapped in deep snow and ice, the agency said. Department staff quickly rushed to the scene and helped free the bear. The department's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but groggy - obviously because it had been awakened from hibernation," according to the Facebook post. The department then relocated the bear to a state wildlife management area to continue its hibernation. The sleepy predator was estimated to be 6 years old and weighed between 375 and 400 pounds.
I liked Collins... It took me a while to get used to Grady.
Yes, because in general his exams are quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today, or is that it until the new year?
The experience of having to follow instructions was significantly better with Apple Maps than with Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
So [PERSON2], does that make sense?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher had her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she portrayed Pocahontas. Her roles also include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." Most recently, she was seen in the road movie "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but not the last) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored more than 20 runs and took more than 2 wickets in the same T20I. She thus joins a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this all-rounder performance in this format.
Me, who extracts the functionality of my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over the leadership of the GDR shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but could not slow down the growing momentum for German reunification. "The entire peaceful process of establishing German unity was particularly his achievement," the Left party wrote on Twitter. "This will remain his political legacy." During his 16-year tenure as party leader in Dresden from 1973, Modrow built up a reputation as an anti-establishment figure. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
I don't remember, so I don't remember exactly, but it's like - when I started with these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was concatenating the paraphrase and the source, and maybe I, I don't remember now, I can check by the next meeting, if I also tried, when the sources are in the first position, then a separator and the paraphrase in the second position. I might have also tried to randomly mix the two things, yes, and I just remember that it made plenty of this compenetration stuff and tried multi-encoder.
He and Johnny Depp are great actors. As for his portrayal of Churchill
So Epic originally developed it? We can continue.
A pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the incident on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath at around 1:30 PM on Friday. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the incident. Police are asking witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our inquiries are ongoing and we are asking anyone who was in the area and witnessed the incident to contact us. I would also like to appeal to anyone who was driving in the area and may have dashcam footage that could assist our investigation to contact us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, 10 February 2023."
I'm sorry, what? My friend recommended the mask from this line, so I bought this, this conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't say anything about the effectiveness of the product because the smell was simply unbearable. You know that musty smell old buildings use in ladies' restrooms to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but it just ends up as this sour, chemical, somewhat musty grandma smell? Yes, that's all I can think of when I smell this. You know, different people, different preferences, so maybe you like the smell. My friend said it could help even the most damaged hair, so if you don't care about the scent, then no problem. I know that natural products don't smell as nice as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines care less about it since it will sell anyway, and now everything just smells like play-doh. I've lost a few favorite lines because they changed the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (which I called Davines and they said it wasn't), but this smells D I S G U S T I N G and I had to return it.
The news that Special Counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Team Trump use the courts to obstruct this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena on the basis of executive privilege should fail. First, there's the fundamental question of whether a former president can even claim the privilege. Remember that Trump tried and failed to prevent the January 6 committee from obtaining White House records.
Could it be that Google Search is integrated into Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and CSIC, which has been active since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs, which are located in the area of Dra Abu al-Naga on the west bank of Luxor. They managed to uncover many tombs, sarcophagi, mummies, and a burial garden.
Humanity appears in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working in the games industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community develop around the user-generated content of the game? (I really hope so.) The game's story, the ideas and questions it raises, feel timely. I hope everything goes well.
Porro experienced an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Photo: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was difficult to follow as it often jumped back and forth. Moreover, the title doesn't fit the story. The author implied that several people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was confused at times and often had to go back and reread a lot to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
For the upcoming meetings, I asked about the demand because I saw the (meme) project demo. They do offline subtitling. That's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their task in translation is shortening, simply because the data becomes shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles created for the hearing impaired. So there's a natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could find such types of data where natural shortening occurs. We would incorporate it into the architecture.
Trump's prized building at 40 Wall Street reportedly under "lender watch" due to declining revenues
With a new #FFXIV raid tier in sight, I've been thinking for a long time: "Man, I'd love to try real raiding, but the Party Finder sounds like chaos, and I'll never find a static group that will accept me."
But after decades of reading almost nothing (except for functional work-related non-fiction and occasional self-help books), I have set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
I tried, I estimate two tokens and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token itself could also be tokenized, so I replaced it with another token that was not intended for this purpose alone, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain separator tokens. So I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and thus would appear only once. I had no guarantee that this token could not appear elsewhere in the sentence and that it could only appear in this place. So it could be done more neatly, yes, I agree.
Ripped off by Vision Supplies
This is for the component library of Wikipedia (OOUI). It is mostly semantic HTML with CSS and usually does not require custom elements (which offer connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce the use of pesticides while finding ways to address problems caused by climate change and pests such as the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn crops.
Confusing plot
It has a slimmer shape that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp corners to get caught on, and with the power cable as a fixed component, it is far less susceptible to damage than the original XB1 controller. The disadvantages are: 1) The vibration effect triggered in action games feels much weaker. 2) The directional joystick and buttons of the controller wear out very quickly. We handle them very roughly and tend to wear out 2-3 controllers per year. Since we have to invest in controllers annually, we need to be selective and careful with our purchases. The controller could use more durable springs; after a few months, the most used buttons no longer respond, and the right joystick loses its centering, meaning map screens zoom in and characters move forward without even touching the controls.
Very beautiful guitar. Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't even try to get an undamaged one. We sent back 2 due to shipping damage, and the 3rd was also damaged. We gave up. They ship them in the soft, thin case with a sheet of brown paper in a cardboard box. No padding at all.
Remote work existed before 2020. There will continue to be jobs in the foreseeable future that can be done remotely.
One of the girls said: "This is what you get." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone liked her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he was angry and wanted everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of daddification. Joel uses his abilities and opportunities to carry out (extreme) acts of violence in order to fulfill a task that is coded as "caring."
I often wonder about the human ability to be *so* dejected about oneself, while being flooded with so much evidence of what real cruelty looks like.
"We hope Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42, if they have one, they haven't fully communicated it"
"You don't hear that often: 'I'm just dropping him off in Glasgow'", said the ticket seller.
Cool concept! It just needs a few improvements to turn it into a truly great product.
Currently, we use a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we don't observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install the MO there, and observe how it gets detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
It turns out, it was assumed that the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3, which, compared to an IDirect3DViewport that I implemented, has additional methods appended at the end.
I could think about it. I'm not really familiar with Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Minnesota biologists rescue trapped black bear
As she further explained, there's a method to a strategy that most people inside the Beltway would consider madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we don't sugarcoat like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We might sometimes be embarrassed and disclose things that we - and others - could easily conceal, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This might be the most important reason for Biden to pursue the path of radical accountability: In every presidency, moments inevitably arise when it is crucial to have the trust of the public and the institutions that protect civic interests. Moreover, there is important capital to be gained by owning up to our mistakes, and Biden can draw an important distinction from his political opponents. The President would do well to follow the old adage: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, okay. Ignore me, okay. It hurts, but you have to go your own way.
Yes, because I think it's a method that is very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to the two encoders, and I would expect that it is sometimes better and sometimes worse than the two encoder setups, depending on the exact task, such as what exactly the second thing is that you're encoding. So, maybe if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it's somehow confusing for the attention or whatever, I don't know. The behavior could also be different with the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to Transformer, so with RNN it might have behaved differently, with Transformer it's, yes, more difficult to train, so you might need to, whatever, increase the number of warm-ups, warm-up sets.
I need to send an email to some random address with unformatted data so that the clerk can read the email and enter it into their system to print a label.
Your case:
I only have good things to say about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, wrapping paper, and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the various size options make it easier to find the perfect choice for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely lovely and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I was satisfied with my product. 5 stars in every aspect!
No, I haven't worked on it. [PERSON1] said that we will do it together once we receive the transcript.
I quite like akkoma, the software and the domain name I got for my instance. But somehow I feel like I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I never really felt comfortable there. I'll stay here for a while longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
So anyway, since it applies here, I had to expand my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods in order to resolve this, making the call to the new method valid.
Intersex is even recognized by TERFs and the like because it is usually more physical and thus visible. Just as mental health is seen by many as less "real" than physical health, I have the feeling that being transgender is merely intersex of the mind.
Biden Justice Department 'does not want an armed citizenry'
Yes, so for multilingual English. We are now combining this with [PERSON14] into a single technical solution. The current idea [PERSON14] is working on is that he will create new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So these will really be sentences with multiple speakers, and this could also improve robustness against the different accents of these speakers. Ah, that's a particle experiment. And later we might do more about the multilingualism thing. So these new sentences will try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible amount of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the purely text-based language model by adding the sound part, so that the language model for ASR improves and the robustness against different speakers also improves. And in a talk yesterday I heard another idea. During training, they left out time and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and this also significantly improved the robustness of the system.
Your case: (By the way, I have tried almost every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I won't accept any comments on the ethics of killing mice.)
And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, as if the translation was wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong, and that part must be <unintelligible>, but those were only one or two cases.
This is important. Please write this here in the documentator, this <unintelligible/> summary, because this is for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you speak with [PERSON10], and possibly also [PERSON5]. If we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple workers <unintelligible/>. We need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example depending on the <noise/>. And also to this language identification worker, and then we need to merge these outputs, and this is a tool we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that will observe the text outputs and also follow the timestamps and it would produce the - it would probably produce the output in three separate language channels, either through silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs, so that the ASR is silent when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the correct language. I just came up with this kind of setup. Another setup would be that the same audio is sent to ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially part of the ASR that mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which type of integration of language identification is best for our purposes. So please keep thinking about what our pipelines look like. Ideally, I think, the least administrative confusion and so on would arise if our MT models were multilingual. If they supported different source languages and would translate from each of these languages into English. Possibly just make a copy if English was given as input, so that we would have multilingual multiple ASRs at the beginning. All go into English, and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, this language identification wouldn't even be necessary anymore.
Well, one of them was for me yesterday.
It is fake news, CBN refutes claim that there is a lack of capacity to print more new Naira notes
The piano is a great start! It discovers your child's inner artistic ability and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to become a future pianist, you should try this product! It's really worth the money!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to watch as you land the aircraft on the red ground, but they don't move towards you; in fact, they stand motionless as you exit the aircraft and slowly approach them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then quake, as if in an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids seem unaffected. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. The Repnids have dug tunnels beneath the surface, and you fall into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. The end comes quickly as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read about studies on sex, gender, and psychology, the more simplified and inaccurate the statement "My biological sex is male, my social gender is female" appears to me. It almost seems as if one were ceding part of the argument to TERFs. I believe being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My biological sex is non-binary, my social gender is female.
Antonio Conte has complained about the defense, and this player is currently struggling to defend. He is facing very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing. Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead through Barnes nine minutes from time. Despite the victory against Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to move past Newcastle into third place.
I've been toying with this idea for a while:
Do you know an efficient method by which a web component can react when it is added to or removed from a document?
Very well. So yes, I will check on the 21st, and otherwise I will send them an email.
I asked the seller before buying if the color was too yellow, and I was told it was like antique gold, darker. Not even close! The set looks VERY cheap. It's super shiny yellow with lots of cubic zirconia, even shinier. Looks great in the photo, but in reality I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Yet unimaginable fear, terror and displacement have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
The battery life is terrible on the one I bought from Amazon. I still can't believe that Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else even comes close in comparison. I absolutely LOVE this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband kneeled on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works but there's an elbow crease in the middle of the touchscreen, also thanks to my husband... I bought this as a replacement, and the screen is great, but the battery it comes with lasts maybe a few days. My original (the third one) holds a charge for weeks, and I use my remote for everything.
Musical start
Father says daughter took her own life after bullying at NJ school
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO in a large company. It's all clickbait, but it worries me when I think about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP and Progressives want to depopulate society for the benefit of the environment. "You are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
Ah, I understand, ah yes, those are the two results, right?
Africans formed the third largest group of immigrants in Oslo, with 28,020 people from Africa living in Oslo. Europeans from countries not part of the United Kingdom, EU, or EEA were the fourth largest group, accounting for 15,566 residents of Oslo. From here, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022 there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while there were slightly over 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently I tried to use them, and unfortunately every time I try one, I get an error message from my Keurig machine that the pod is not compatible with my machine. I've been using Donut Shop pods in my machine since I first bought it and never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee pod, I noticed that the code printed on top of the pod is not very readable, so I can only assume I have a bad batch. I bought a pack of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12 each. I even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and keep getting the same error message. I know it's not my machine because other pods I try work fine. It's only with this delivery that I'm having this problem. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer service representative who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer support!
The weekly task at Revelations is "Stay up all night". I've been playing with this little piece in my head for a few days now. It's definitely more romance than smut. Maybe I've read too many romance novels with impossible 'meet-cutes' and this is the result, but I like it. Besides, I will definitely experience the high-flying orgasm one day, maybe not with a str
Everything I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls throwing a drink on the teenager, then kicking her and dragging her through the school hallways. They pushed Adriana against red lockers lining the school corridors, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I'm giving it 3 stars for now. I don't want to give the seller a bad review unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats a lot. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello itself, but I'll probably try both to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some larger older drones, and some of my larger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with, and it takes the fun out of flying. For now, I assume it's a manufacturing issue that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I have to praise the seller for the delivery, as it arrived a day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, pro-dictatorial right... that's where the danger lies. Deport the white supremacists.
Later in life, Modrow was a member of the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left parliamentary group. "Until his old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Yes, I believe - wasn't it Dominik who did some experiments with Ivana? I think last year or two years ago for double empty, where they added context or concatenated the context with the input sentence and performed a kind of document translation. But the problem with this concatenation is that you're not quite sure if it has the same effect as our multi-encoder setup.
"Great importance is placed on the development of sports infrastructure. Clear evidence of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats," says the letter from the Kazakh President. Kazakh athletes compete successfully in major world championships and represent Kazakhstan. They are role models for the younger generation and inspire youth to great victories, according to Tokayev. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give a new impetus to the development of athletics in the country, and promised increased cooperation with international organizations in this field.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
As much as we may like some people, if they only enable a second-rate career for fascists, they should probably be held accountable for it.
They had keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
Indian government withdraws call to hug cows on Valentine's Day after criticism
One of the craziest aspects of my neighbors turning against me is the thought of how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Sure, they lowered corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that promote more business activity.
And my idea is that a customer clicks on this microphone button and starts speaking, and while the user speaks, you send the audio in small pieces simultaneously. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And it is queued to the HTTP server, which I will process later with (ASR). And the model will perform some logic, some inferences with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will be sent back, and the user should receive the partial transcript. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Yes, yes, it is very important to actually parallelize everything, to parallelize both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell DFs, because he would have to do this many times, there will be errors, one must quickly redo this.
Yes, thank you.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet.
IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts with the most foreigners
Your case: Echidna with amethyst-colored and magenta spines. They are average in size, have an average build and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is raspberry-colored, short and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped and they wear scarlet cat-eye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.
Experimenting a bit with Flutter. To be honest, I would be averse to building my business on Google technology. On the other hand, Google is one of the few major players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Abe conceals his sorrow and laughs easily, while Tom isn't afraid to cry but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before letting you see that she's hurt, and laughs the most when things are turned upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is a constant companion of life.
I was disappointed when I received this article, as the silver part surrounding the dial seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but rather that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire appearance. I also didn't trust that it would withstand daily use, so I returned it. I was disappointed because it seemed to be a good deal if it hadn't been for that. However, if you can overlook this, it might be right for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I've had enough of conservative parties and governments that claim to be business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood tears apart 44-million-pound new signing Pedro Porro after miserable Tottenham debut
You land the flyer with its nose up on the side of the slag heap and disembark. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they don't move towards you; in fact, they are motionless as you slowly approach them. You stop while still standing on the pile of crumbled rock and earth, and speak to them: "I come in peace, as a friend." It seems they can't hear you, let alone understand, as your universal translator receives no response. You decide to use your psychic perception to contact them mentally. It's difficult to understand their thoughts; they are frighteningly alien and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again and return to your flyer, but the experience has cleared your mind, which had been foggy since your jump into the future. Back in Falcon's Wing, it's quite easy for you to plot a course to Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have used another polybdenum rod when you jump.
I think for the text flow we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work for this purpose.
This evening, a recently graduated artist took some criticism poorly. Partly because he was poorly taught. But it's important not to make excuses for problems and simply fix them, especially in production when your manager needs changes. Especially considering the competition.
I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I love many of the features of these lights. Advantages: First, they easily clip onto my shelf and bend into many positions, allowing me to make adjustments as my plants grow. The lights are cool to the touch and haven't caused any damage even when touching the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lights. The lights are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer as I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature could be useful in an office with houseplants or on vacation. Disadvantages: I don't think these lights are strong enough to be the primary light source for seedlings. The lights are small! If the lights burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
I want to see how these companies that facilitate transactions explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about it on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans to plant lettuce at Penn in a 6-row pattern and see how it compares to broadcast-sown beds.
I literally tried and quit every single one. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my report cards.
Yes, I believe he told us at the beginning of the semester that we would get an A if we wanted an A. You should just submit it within the second deadline. That's pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that based on trends from previous years, many people don't do that. They find it easier to read for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the exam.
The chopped-up version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function at the end of a vtable.
This morning, IR satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of low stratus clouds and patchy <URL>
The Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov expressed his special thanks to the President of the Asian Athletics Association Dahlan al-Hamad for his support in the preparation and implementation of the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are taking place for the first time on the territory of the CIS. The tournament brought together over 500 athletes from 31 countries, who will compete in running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put and multi-event. The tournament is scheduled to last until February 12. It was previously reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000m and Olga Safronova won the silver medal in the women's 60m at the tournament.
Not like other Tomb Raider games
Remote work is enabling. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces instead of stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It allows people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and family.
It's something I've never said before either.
Your case: Source: (PERSON4) It's only the dilemma score for the (Europeans?) that's not in the table, because the table doesn't fit in the paper, so <unintelligible/> The coverage is always about 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmata, only-
I had the good fortune to spend six unforgettable months with Nicholas in 2011 and support a number of projects. When we met at the weekend, I was very pleased to hear about the progress, especially with tree planting and support for farmers. Thousands of trees were planted and farmers were able to achieve higher crop yields through various measures, from assistance in purchasing equipment to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is elegant and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even after being stuffed into plastic and a box, it was very smooth, which is really great. You can easily style it casually or elegantly, and it has a vintage-like feel due to its length and cut, which I really like. I think this skirt could look good on anyone. I am 1.65 m tall and weigh 59 kg and ordered size S, so I would say if you are hesitating between S and M, definitely go for the smaller size.
President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in season opener at Brandywell
Yes, I may have only thought about what kind of data we currently use for that, because for example, if you look at the models from [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], they are already pretty good at these things.
A 16-year-old boy was charged with murder of two students in a deadly shooting at a high school in Chicago in December, police announced on Friday. The suspect is being charged with two counts of first-degree aggravated murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Superintendent David Brown announced. "We currently have no clear motive for why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released on Friday due to his age, although Brown said he would face the murder and attempted murder charges as an adult.
The figures from the Norwegian statistics office showed that foreigners were distributed across all city districts, with Søndre Nordstrand, Oslo's southernmost district, having over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth-highest number of foreigners. After that, Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø and Sagene made up the rest of the ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from another country.
Exactly as described
"Gut feeling": Missing woman is not in the river
But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is not correct, so something is wrong - basically the big trade or something like that is not right. So some files still - still have strange outputs. But - but for most folders it should already be fine.
You get what you pay for.
It may have too many linguistic subtleties. It needs to be translated into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, neither of which I have any mastery of.
And that, despite not having slept as well here in the last two nights as I do at home and being a bit #MECFS-exhausted due to staying in an unfamiliar environment where I can't take it as easy and have to remember where things are located.
The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview released late Friday that it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of the eastern industrial heartland of Donbas in Ukraine. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger territories east of the Dnieper.
And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them, because they essentially have such a large collection of videos with different areas and different native languages of the speakers on [ORGANIZATION5]. And I had the idea that we could simply use a tool to basically download some filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and create a training dataset from that.
I am now on book number 31 and it's only May.
Thank you to those who have downloaded the latest update for Leasey. There have been some very minor difficulties. Nothing that would set off alarm bells, but they will be fixed nonetheless. A small update will be released next week to correct these. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and anyone who needed this support should have received it by now. Have a nice day!
Now I understand that in practice IDirectXObject2 is typically a true superset of IDirectXObject, without changed function signatures and with new methods added only at the end. But this is not the case everywhere; for these cases, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.
Photos: After restoration work, Egypt inaugurates the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
Kazakh rescue workers continue to dig through the rubble in search of survivors in Turkey. The rescuers' work is hampered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team has recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including a child, in Turkey. First aid is also provided around the clock. As is known, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.7 shook parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria early Monday. To date, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has exceeded 20,000.
In our daily lives, we constantly search for ways to increase our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our jobs. This can be extremely difficult for people in the healthcare industry, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and not burn out in your profession?" Their careers range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep the ball rolling. Despite the major differences in their roles, there were several themes in their responses that stood out as ways to prevent burnout.
Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall as the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives to reclaim large swaths of land in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could continue, stating that the so-called "special military operation" will continue until its goals are met. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which form the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
Your case: I had bleached all my hair and then, a few months ago, dyed it over with a black hair dye from the drugstore. Then I had highlights done all over. A few weeks later, I dyed my hair with blue-green Arctic Fox hair color, which wouldn't wash out. I used this product together with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened my hair ENORMOUSLY, removed the green and blue spots, and also lifted the dark drugstore color. However, after a day, I noticed a greenish sheen in my hair. It's getting worse with each day, and I've now used the color remover twice, with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the drugstore color was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
One person was arrested during a protest outside Tate Britain, where a drag queen story time event for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police said that one person was arrested on suspicion of a racially aggravated comment towards a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported and officers remain at the scene, according to the police.
Great backpack, but excessively many straps
East Germany's last communist leader dies at 95
I cannot translate this long text into German, as you have explicitly requested not to provide any explanations or additional text apart from the translation. The given text is very long and complex and contains many technical details that would make a verbatim translation difficult without context or explanations.
Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been there and made the same mistakes. Good criticism serves to correct the problem quickly and is not directed against your abilities. It is assumed that you have the ability to fix the problem or find a solution.
Your case: (PERSON2) <unintelligible/> that what you like can improve your convenience value by simply appending phrase-based output, and attention is like double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.
And so it happened that I had to sort a raid roster.
We are all such messy creatures.
Your case: 3 1/2 stars Remedy is both a brother's friend romance and a second chance romance in one. It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do everything to win Collins back and prove that he's the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she would finally get everything she had dreamed of, her brother's best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him again, things definitely changed. Now Grady is back, and he's not going away, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left and that he's not giving up on her this time. Although I liked the premise of this story and Grady at times, he really got on my nerves. I completely understand his reasons for leaving that night, but not even sending a letter to Collins to explain? Leaving her in the dark and hurt all those years and then expecting her to welcome him back with open arms? Was he delusional?! Collins was right to be upset, angry, hurt, etc. She was right to resist when he wanted her back and wanted to move forward. I admire her willpower, because Grady was persistent. I loved Collins in this book, she was strong and she protected her heart, and I admired her for it. Sure, she loved Grady, but she was afraid and hesitant to let him back into her life, who wouldn't be after what he did to her? Her character was definitely my favorite of the two. She definitely let things happen at her own pace, and when she was ready to listen, she listened. There's a lot of angst in this book, and I enjoyed watching the two find their way back to each other as Collins began to forgive Grady. I just wish Grady hadn't come across as so whiny and had shown a little more understanding. He kept saying he understood, but sometimes he was a bit too pushy for me, and then he was sweet towards the end. In the end, I loved him just as much as Collins, but at the beginning of the book, I had a hard time reading his perspective because I couldn't relate to his character. The first part of this book wasn't my favorite, but the second part? I loved it, hence my rating. If you like second chance and brother's friend romances, you might really enjoy this book, I just had trouble with Grady at first and how he handled some of the things he did.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City emerged victorious in the President's Cup as they defeated Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The FAI Cup winners overcame last season's champions at Brandywell thanks to goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy in the first half. The Hoops pushed for a comeback goal in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team stood firm and won the opening game. Derry travels to St. Patrick's Athletic for the league opener next Friday. Patching's side-footed volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scored the winning goal when Foyleside beat the eventual champions 2-1 last February.
There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and assistant to Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP for Warrington North, Charlotte Nichols, was not placed on the longlist to try to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have rigorous processes for who can be put on the longlist and who can be put on the shortlist."
In recent years, certain radical Hindus have raided shops selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and chased hand-holding couples out of restaurants and parks, insisting that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have declared that such raids help to affirm a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say his government has advanced a Hindu agenda and seeks to dominate the religion in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up almost 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Jains account for most of the remainder.
The hatred for literature class is even worse: I love reading. I had gone through most of the classics before eighteen - although that's more a reflection of living in the most remote backwater, I even read the 1979 Encyclopedia Britannica out of desperation.
The nerdy student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his exotic beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win any legal dispute over the subpoena of Mike Pence.
It suddenly appeared one day and suddenly it was available everywhere. I have entered the burrata dimension.
So why do people go to the extra trouble of installing Google Maps?
In July 2022, California authorities charged Kilcher with two counts of insurance fraud, accusing her of illegally obtaining more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher worked on "Yellowstone," despite the actress's claims that she was too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was charged in May.
I will probably have to see whether Bing or Google is better at translating dirty gay sex puns.
Do you mean by style transfer, Dusan, that there would be something in written language, and the target side would be in spoken language or something like that?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I outline are debatable, with some progress in each:
It's ThinkPad day!! Came home during my lunch break and saw this standing outside uwu. I wish I could take it to work to continue setting it up. But that will have to wait until this evening.
Your case: Avoid WiFi connection - opt for Bluetooth! I bought this for my wife in October 2017. At that time, we were in the middle of moving and living in a hotel. I couldn't connect this scale to the hotel's WiFi. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own WiFi system. March 2018 - I set up my WiFi system and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm only 3 meters away from the WiFi device. I followed the YouTube setup video, without success. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the WiFi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not as close to the bedroom as a cell phone! I wouldn't recommend this scale to anyone because of the WiFi connection. Instead, please look for systems that use Bluetooth for communication. I'm replacing this with a scale that has a Bluetooth connection.
(PERSON1) and then we'll find out which packages we need to install in the Petri environment.
Wazir explained that these two tombs belong to prominent individuals who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important epochs of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs is T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs of the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a pillared hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with distinctive inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
In my youth, I was an insatiable reader. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great stories.
Casper the #rat is an absolute unit these days. I think my new job is good for him - two free-roams per day while I work, at fairly predictable times.
Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it well. I know that.
O'Mara's circumstances were "quite extraordinary," Reeves said, but she admitted: "There are important lessons for the Labour Party and all political parties to draw in selecting candidates. But I would also say that we have seen the constant undermining of standards in politics in this Parliament, not least through a series of prime ministers and penalties and parties and standards that fall far short of what one would expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do wrong, they lose the whip. And that's simply not the case with the Conservative Party."
So this is an important thing that we should have stumbled upon months ago. Remember, I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And every time, all of you... It's not just you personally, [PERSON8]. There were of course other things too. But every time you thought about it, you thought "it will be easy, we'll just run it through". And only when you actually do it, you see all the problems. This is known, common. It's always like this. So this is a message to everyone. Before you try, you never know what the problem will be. For example, the call I had where someone was interviewing me, they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked as badly for me as it did today for the recording. So before you do it, you can't say whether it will work or not. And here we're running into problems with converting file formats. Hopefully, we'll be able to get the numbers quickly. Have you got any word error rates so far?
I found out the hard way that in 2023, local TV station websites are absolutely the worst experience on the internet. Pop-ups, auto-playing videos, animations, pop-overs, and ads, ads, ads. I know advertising is their source of income, but all this garbage seems counterproductive if it drives people away. This is true even now that goatse.cx is gone, though it would be a close race for last place between goatse and, for example, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me.
I think that's actually an interesting question, whether we can use the constraints to enforce this type of speaker gender in the translation.
Jami slipped him the note as they passed each other on the way, just before the dog watch. She was heading to the wall, he was coming off duty. He looked back to watch her go and to make sure they hadn't been observed. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the sleeping quarters before he took out the note and read it in a beam of light falling through the blackout curtains. One word in block letters. He spent a long time staring at it, trying to stay calm:
Your case: One of the fans sounded unbalanced from the start. The speed controllers are really wobbly - if you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to turn them to 100% and then slowly turn them back until they start again. The build quality is mediocre, but this seems normal for most products of this type in this price range. The feet for holding the laptop in an inclined position have broken off several times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, the fan positioning is ideal for laptops that draw air through vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans in the center and offer very little additional airflow for a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Yes, if it has a short context and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, it really commits to something that it finds out in one or two seconds, for example: Oh, that was actually a bad translation. So it tries to use a different wording. To specify the matter, for example. So, I really liked it. I like some of the translations. I was really amazed that although you could see the model making mistakes on the first attempt, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I also consider important. If you really demand low latency, then I think slightly lower quality is okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have poor translation quality and poor fluency, then I think the translation is simply pointless. But if the lower quality is due to the translation, when you read everything, you get the same information, but the wording is just bad because, for example, it used more words and made some corrections and such. So I think that's perfectly fine for simultaneous interpreting as long as you don't lose information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, so some examples? Because I'd like to look at them, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering the best Salesforce services tailored to your company's needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can help you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to ensure your business succeeds in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to be weightlifting but not really knowing what your one-rep maximum is, because that's one of the main ways people track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom without a spotter or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with a lot of weights. I do bench presses on my bed. If I try to find out my one-rep maximum, I might not have enough weights to push my limits, or conversely, it could seriously injure/kill me. Anyway, the weight is being increased today. It still feels good.
Curious, I kept an open mind to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my test iPhone device (my daily device is an Android device, so it's rare that I use an iPhone).
The UPS Store near me doesn't allow me to write a label or write on the box. They have to print the label.
Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.
The incident occurs following an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to Britain by boat. Police have arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration turned violent outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool. Merseyside Police said that a police officer and two civilians suffered minor injuries during the unrest on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police reported that some demonstrators threw objects and set a police car on fire. The arrested individuals, aged between 13 and 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder." Merseyside Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were a few injuries among police officers."