I swear, Burrata didn't exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be that the tools are simply so extensive and vague that my brain is blocked due to "too many options."
For Interspeech, we could also divide it paper by paper. So that some papers would be included in the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submitted papers would later come for the PBML proceedings. And the authors could choose freely. So we need to negotiate this either with SIGDial or Interspeech. Whether it's okay for them to have some of our papers, provided these papers are submitted by the March deadline. So there is an absolutely strict requirement. And I think they can't have anything against it. Because if the paper is worth publishing. It's just a bonus, so to speak, that the paper contains some shared task results that appear in the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't need to ask for a special session. At Interspeech it's called Special Session, we don't want that. At Interspeech we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people: If you manage to finish your paper by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper, and it will be part of Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it by the Interspeech deadline, here's our deadline. And that's for PBML.
My neighbor and I arrived home at the same time and I could hear him coughing and expelling COVID phlegm from across the street. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me to chat. I swear, people infected with COVID are like zombies trying to infect everyone else.
Yes, well, I mean, at the moment I did the same thing.
That would be mainly for surfing the internet, occasional emails and some games.
Okay, so a question just for me, to make sure: In the chaining settings, you insert the sentence separator token, right? Do you have a special token to distinguish what the source is and what the context or the other sentence is, or do you just chain them without anything? And hope that the system learns it?
Donald Trump's heavily mortgaged skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender surveillance" due to sharply declining revenues and rising costs, Bloomberg reported on Friday. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly report on the remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg said. Meanwhile, expenses have reportedly increased by 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and was valued at $540 million in 2015.
I loved the ring - but couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I liked the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I'm giving 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is that I realized I couldn't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings constantly, which is why I always make sure to buy Sterling Silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even while washing hands - and didn't notice any discoloration. Interestingly, the problem I had was that the inner part of the ring actually made my finger white and moist - similar to a band-aid when worn for a long time. This happened even when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened, and it's never happened to me with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really liked it a lot! So if you're buying this ring with the intention of wearing it only occasionally, I say: Go for it!! You won't be disappointed!
Oh yes, I just don't know if you <unintelligible/> caught it when we were talking about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (hit) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmata are actually manually inflected correctly, but that's, that's a different, no, no problem, it's actually good that it's <unintelligible/> correct, yes. So, I thought maybe it could. But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try playing around with the models and some kind of style transfer? As you know, we can use a constraint and instead try to use a synonymous constraint and see or compare how, how, what the difference between the outputs is. But that's, I'm just describing it vaguely because I myself don't have a precise idea of how to do it, but it could have been an interesting, different scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know of any style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have something like that?
I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people came to me privately and said: "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to grant you this amount of money."
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka home and just over 700 lived in the central district. Ullern, Vestre Aker and Nordstrand were the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, these districts were home to significantly more immigrants than central Oslo and Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries as well as the United Kingdom mostly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo and St. Hanshaugen. Meanwhile, although many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered as residents of the Alna, Stovner and Søndre Nordstrand districts.
On the day of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, which destroyed the World Trade Center and killed 3,000 people, Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street had suddenly become the tallest building in the city. His claim was not only insensitive but also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year prison sentence, the shadow chancellor said. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key local party figures resigned in protest at the way the Labour party's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the parliamentary selection process for the next general election.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism influencing the actual content of science are compatible with theories asserting the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
In the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said: "Long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear-ishly unfortunate bear after it was trapped in a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the agency, the bear had settled in a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. However, as the snow began to melt, the culvert started to flood, and the bear became trapped in deep snow and ice, the agency said. Agency staff responded quickly and helped free the bear. The agency's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but groggy - obviously because it had been awakened from hibernation," according to the Facebook post. The agency then transported the bear to a state wildlife management area so it could continue its hibernation. The sleepy carnivore was estimated to be 6 years old and between 375 and 400 pounds.
I liked Collins... It took me a while to get used to Grady.
Yes, because in general his exams are quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today or is that all until the new year?
The experience of having to follow directions was far better with Apple Maps compared to Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
So [PERSON2], is that understandable?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher had her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World", in which she played Pocahontas. Her other successes include "Sons of Anarchy", "The Alienist", and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold". Most recently, she was seen in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but will not be the last time) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored both 20+ runs and took 2+ wickets in the same T20I. She joins a select group of Sri Lankan women who have accomplished the all-round feat in the format.
Me extracting functionality from my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but could not slow the increasing momentum towards German reunification. "The entire peaceful process of bringing about German unity was precisely his special merit," the Left party wrote on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy." During his 16 years as Communist party chief in Dresden from 1973, Modrow earned a reputation as an anti-establishment politician. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
Your case: Source: (PERSON8) I don't remember, so I don't remember exactly, but that's how it was when I started with these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was chaining the paraphrase and the source, and maybe, I don't remember now, I can check it by the next meeting, whether I tried it too. I definitely tried when the sources are in the first position, then a delimiter and the paraphrase in the second position. I might have also tried to randomly mix the two things, yes, and I just remember that it did a lot of this co-penetration stuff and tried multi-encoder.
He and Johnny Depp are amazing actors. As for his portrayal of Churchill
So Epic initiated this? We can continue.
A pedestrian has died after a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath around 1:30 pm on Friday. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the accident. Police are asking witnesses or people with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our investigations are ongoing and we ask anyone who was in the area and witnessed the accident to contact us." I also appeal to anyone who was driving in the area and may have dashcam footage that could assist our investigation to contact us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, 10 February 2023."
I'm sorry, what? My friend recommended the mask from this line, so I bought this, this conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't say anything about the product's effectiveness because the smell was simply unbearable. You know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' restrooms to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but it just turns into this sour, chemical, somehow musty grandma smell? Yes, that's all I can think of when I smell this. You know, different people, different preferences, so you might like the smell. My friend said it could help even the most severe hair damage, so if you don't care about the scent, then no problem. I know that natural products don't smell as nice as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines care less about it since it will sell anyway, and now everything just smells like Play-Doh. I've lost a few favorite lines because they changed the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a counterfeit (which I called Davines about and they said it wasn't), but this smells D I S G U S T I N G and I had to return it.
The news that Special Counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Team Trump use the courts to complicate this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena based on executive privilege should fail. First of all, there's the fundamental question of whether a former president can even assert the privilege. Remember that Trump tried and failed to prevent the House January 6 committee from obtaining White House records.
Could it be that Google Search is integrated with Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of the restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and the CSIC, which has been active since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs, which are located in the Dra Abu al-Naga area on the west bank of Luxor. They managed to uncover many tombs, coffins, mummies, and a burial garden.
Humanity launches in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful and all the good things I love about working in the games industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract a target audience of the right players? Will a community form around the game's user-based content? (I really really hope so.) The game's story, the ideas and questions it raises, feel timely. I hope it all goes well.
Porro experienced an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Image: Getty)
Your case:
The book was hard to follow because it was very erratic. The title also doesn't fit the story. The author implied that several people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was sometimes confused and had to go back a lot and reread to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
I asked about the demand for the upcoming meetings, as I saw the demo of the (meme) project. They do offline subtitling. That's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their task in translation is a shortening, simply because the data becomes shorter. This is because their target size is the subtitles created for the hearing impaired. So there's a natural shortening of the data. It would be great if we could find such types of data where a natural shortening occurs. We would incorporate it into the architecture.
According to report, Trump's prized 40 Wall Street building under "lender watch" due to declining revenues
Since a new #FFXIV raid tier is approaching, I've been thinking for a long time: "Man, I'd love to try real raiding, but Party Finder sounds like chaos, and I'll never find a static group that will take me."
But after decades of reading almost nothing (except for functional, work-related non-fiction and occasional self-help books), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
I tried, I estimate two tokens and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token itself could also be tokenized, so I replaced it with another token that wasn't just meant for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary didn't contain separator tokens. So I used a token that I assumed wouldn't be tokenized into multiple parts and would only appear once. I had no guarantee that this token couldn't appear elsewhere in the sentence and that it could only appear in this place. So one could have done it more carefully, yes, I agree with that.
Ripped off by Vision Supplies
This is for Wikipedia's component library (OOUI). It is mostly semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which offer connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce the use of pesticides while finding ways to address the problems caused by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn crops.
Confusing plot
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: It has a slimmer design that fits better in the hand, there are no sharp corners to snag on, and with the permanently attached power cord, it's much less prone to damage than the original XB1 controller. The downsides are: 1) The vibration effect, which is triggered in action games, feels much weaker. 2) The controller's directional stick and buttons wear out very quickly. We are very heavy-handed and tend to wear out 2-3 controllers per year. So, since we have to invest in controllers every year, we have to be picky and prudent with our purchases. The controller could use sturdier springs; after a few months, the most frequently used buttons become unresponsive and the right joystick loses its centering, meaning it zooms on map screens and makes characters walk forward without touching the controls.
Very nice guitar. Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't bother trying to get one that isn't damaged. We sent back 2 due to shipping damage and the third was also damaged. Gave up. They ship them in a soft thin case with a sheet of packing paper in a box. No padding at all.
Telework existed before 2020. There will also be jobs that can be done remotely in the foreseeable future.
One of the girls said: "That's what you get." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he was angry and wanted everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of Dad-ification. Joel uses his skills and willingness to commit (extreme) acts of violence to accomplish a task that is coded as "caring".
I often marvel at the human ability to put ourselves down so much, while we're surrounded by so many examples of what real cruelty looks like.
We hope Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42; if they have one, they haven't fully communicated it.
"You don't hear that often: 'I'm just dropping him off in Glasgow,'" said the ticket seller.
Cool concept! It just needs a few improvements to turn it into a really great product.
We currently use a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we don't observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install the MO there, and observe how it gets detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
It turned out that it assumed that the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3 which appended additional methods at the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport that I implemented.
I could think about it. I'm not really familiar with Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Biologists from Minnesota rescue trapped black bear
As she went on to explain, there is method in a strategy that most people inside the Beltway would consider madness: It's the best way to earn the trust of the press. They will know that we are not spinning like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We may occasionally embarrass ourselves and reveal things that we - and others - could easily hide, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we tell the truth. This may be the most important reason for Biden to pursue the course of radical accountability: In every presidency, there will inevitably be moments when the trust of the public and the institutions that protect the civic interest is crucial. In addition, important capital can be gained by admitting our mistakes, and there is an important distinction that Biden can draw from his political opponents. The president would do well to follow the old adage: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, okay. Ignore me, okay. It hurts, but you have to go your own way.
Yes, because I think it's a method that is very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to the two encoders. I would expect it to sometimes be better and sometimes worse than the two encoder setups, depending on the exact task, like what exactly the second thing is that you're encoding. Maybe if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it's kind of confusing for the attention, so whatever, I don't know. The behavior might also be different for the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to transformers, so for RNN it might have behaved differently, maybe it's harder to train with transformers, so maybe you need to increase whatever the number of warm-ups, warm-up sets.
I need to email a random address with unformatted data, so that the clerk can read the email and enter the data into their system to print a label.
Your case:
I only have good things to say about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, wrapping paper, and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the various size options make it easier to choose the perfect one for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely lovely and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to ensure I was satisfied with my product. 5 stars all around!
Your case: Source: (PERSON8) No, I haven't processed it yet. So [PERSON1] said that we'll process it together once they've received the protocol.
Your case: I like the software akkoma and the domain name I got for my instance quite a bit. But somehow I feel like I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I never really felt comfortable there. Will stay here for a while longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
Your case: Source: So I had to, since it applies here, extend my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods so that the call to the new one was valid.
Intersexuality is even recognized by TERFs and similar people because it is generally more physical and thus more visible. Just as mental health is seen by many as less "real" than physical health, I somehow feel that transsexuality is just intersexuality of the mind.
Biden Justice Department "doesn't want an armed citizenry"
Yes, so for multilingual English. We are now putting together [PERSON14] into a technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he will create new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So these will really be sentences with multiple speakers, and this could also improve robustness against the different accents of these speakers. This is a partial experiment. Later we might do more about multilingualism. So these new sentences will try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible amount of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the pure text language model by adding the sound part, so that the language model for the ASR gets better and the robustness against different speakers also gets better. And in a talk yesterday I heard another idea. During training, they left out time and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and that also significantly improved the robustness of the system.
Your case: (By the way, I have tried almost every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I won't accept any comments on the ethics of killing mice.)
And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, as if the translation was incorrect. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong, and that part must be <unintelligible>, but those were only one or two cases.
This is important. Please write this here in the documenter, this <unintelligible/> summary, because it's for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you speak with [PERSON10], and possibly [PERSON5] as well. If we have this tool, we need to send the audio file to multiple ASRs or multiple workers <unintelligible/>. We need to send the audio file separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example, depending on <other noise/>. And also to this language identification worker, and then we need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that would observe the text outputs and also track the timestamps and output into three separate language channels, either through silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs, so that the ASR is silent when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the correct language. I just came up with this kind of setup. Another setup would be that the same sound is sent to ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially a part of the ASR that mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which type of integration of language identification is best for our purposes. So please continue to think about what our pipelines look like. Ideally, I think the least administrative confusion and so on would arise if our MT models were multilingual. If they would support different source languages and they would translate from each of these languages into English. Possibly just make a copy if English was given as input, so that we would have multilingual multiple ASRs at the beginning. All go into English, and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, language identification wouldn't even be necessary anymore.
Oh yes, one of them was for me yesterday.
It is fake news, CBN refutes claim that it lacks capacity to print more new Naira notes
The piano is a great start! It discovers your child's inner artistic ability and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to become a future pianist, you should try this product! It's really worth the money!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching as you set the flyer down on the red ground, but they make no move to approach you. In fact, they remain motionless as you climb out of the flyer and slowly walk towards them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then shake as if in an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids seem unaffected. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. The Repnids have dug tunnels beneath the surface, and you fall into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. The end comes quickly as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read studies about sex, gender, and psychology, the more the statement "My sex is male, my gender is female" seems too simplistic and inaccurate to me. It almost seems like conceding part of an argument to TERFs. I feel that being trans means being "biologically non-binary." My sex is non-binary, my gender is female.
Your case: "Antonio Conte complained about the defense and this player is currently having difficulties defending. He is facing very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing." Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester extended their lead to 4-1 when Barnes scored nine minutes before the end. Despite the victory against Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to overtake Newcastle and climb to third place.
Your case: Source: Have been playing with this thought for a while:
Do you know an efficient method for a web component to react to being added to or removed from a document?
Very well. So yes, I will check on the 21st, and otherwise I will send them an email.
I asked the seller before purchasing if the color was too yellow and I was told it was like antique gold, darker. Not even close! The set looks VERY cheap. It is super glossy yellow with many zirconia, even shinier. Looks great in the photo, but in real life I wouldn't even give it to a teenage girl to wear.
Your case: Source: Doch unvorstellbare Angst, Terror und Vertreibung haben ihnen die unsichtbare Narbe des Traumas hinterlassen.  Target: Yet unimaginable fear, terror and displacement have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
Your case: Source: The battery life of the device I bought on Amazon is terrible. I still can't believe Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else comes close. I absolutely LOVE this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The first one was chewed up by the dog, the second one my husband crushed with his knee on the screen, and the third one still works but has an elbow print in the middle of the touchscreen, also courtesy of my husband... I bought this one as a replacement, and the screen is great, but the battery it came with maybe holds a charge for a couple of days. My original (the third one) holds a charge for weeks, and I use my remote for everything.
Musical prelude
Father says daughter took her own life after bullying at NJ school
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO of a large company. It's all clickbait, but it worries me when I think about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP and Progressives want to depopulate society in favor of the environment. "You are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
Oh I see, yes exactly, those are the two scores, right?
Africans formed the third largest group of immigrants in Oslo, with 28,020 people from Africa living in Oslo. Europeans from countries that are not part of the United Kingdom, EU or EEA were the fourth largest group, accounting for 15,566 residents of Oslo. From here, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022 there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while slightly over 3,000 nationals came from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently I tried to use them, and unfortunately my Keurig machine gives me an error message every time I try one, saying the pod is not compatible with my machine. I've been using Donut Shop pods in my machine since I first bought it and never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee pod, I noticed that the code printed on top of the pod is not very legible, so I can only assume I have a bad batch. I bought a pack of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12 each. I even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and keep getting the same error message. I know it's not my machine because other pods I try work perfectly fine. It's only with this delivery that I have this problem. Very disappointing as my return period has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer service representative who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer service!
The theme this week at Revelations is "Staying awake all night". I've been playing with this little piece in my head for a few days. It's definitely more romance than smut. Maybe I've read too many romance novels with impossible 'meet-cutes' and this is the result, but I like it. Also, I will definitely experience the high-altitude orgasm someday, maybe not with a str
All I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls throwing a drink on the teenager, then kicking her and dragging her through the school hallways. They pushed Adriana against the red lockers lining the school corridors, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I'll give it 3 stars for now, I don't want to give the seller a bad rating unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats a lot. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello itself, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some larger older drones, and some of my larger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with, and it actually takes the fun out of flying. For now, I'm assuming it's a manufacturing issue that they need to address as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I have to give the seller credit for delivery, as it arrived a day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, pro-dictatorial right... that's where the danger lies. Deport the white supremacists.
Later in life, Modrow was active in the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a profoundly sincere and militant socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left Party parliamentary group in the Bundestag. "Until his old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Yes, I believe - wasn't it Dominik who did some experiments with Ivana? I think last year or two years ago for double empty, where they considered the context or concatenated the context with the input sentence and performed a kind of cross-document translation. But the problem with this concatenation is that you're not quite sure if it has the same effect as with the multi-encoder setup.
"Great attention is paid to the development of sports infrastructure. A clear proof of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats," the letter from the Kazakh President states. Kazakh athletes perform successfully and represent Kazakhstan at important world championships. They are role models for the younger generation and inspire youth to great victories, Tokayev emphasized. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give a new impetus to the development of athletics in the country, and promised increased cooperation with international organizations in this field.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
Your case: As much as we may like some people, if they only offer a career in the minor league for fascists, they should probably wear it.
They had keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
Your case: Source: Indian government withdraws appeal to hug cows on Valentine's Day after criticism.
One of the craziest aspects of my neighbors turning against me is the thought of how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Sure, they lowered corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that encourage more business activity.
And my idea is that a customer clicks this microphone button and starts speaking, and while the user is speaking, you send the audio in small sections simultaneously. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And to the HTTP server to queue it, which I will process later with (ASR). And the model will execute some logic, draw some conclusions with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will be sent back, and the user should receive the partial transcript back. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Yes, yes, it is indeed very important to parallelize everything, both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell DFs, because he would have to do this many times, there will be errors, you have to quickly run it through again.
Yes, thank you.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: My dog hasn't destroyed it yet.
IN NUMBERS: The districts of Oslo where the most foreigners live
Your case: Echidna with amethyst and magenta colored quills. They are average height, have an average build and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is raspberry colored, short and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped and they wear scarlet cat-eye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.
Experiment a bit with Flutter. To be honest, I'd be reluctant to build my business on Google's technology, but on the other hand, Google is one of the few big players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Abe keeps his worries hidden and laughs easily, while Tom isn't afraid to cry but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before letting you see that she's hurt, and laughs the most when things are upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is a constant companion in life.
I was disappointed when I received this article, as the silver part that goes around the dial seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but rather that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire look. I also didn't trust that it would withstand daily use, so I returned it. I was disappointed because it would have been a good deal if it hadn't been for that. However, if you can overlook this, it might be the right thing for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I've had enough of conservative parties and governments that claim to be business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood tears apart Pedro Porro after miserable £44 million Tottenham debut
You land the flyer nose-up on the side of the slag heap and disembark. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they make no move to approach you; in fact, they remain motionless as you slowly walk towards them. You stop while still standing on the pile of crumbling rock and earth, and speak to them: "I come in peace, as a friend." It seems they cannot hear you, let alone understand, as your universal translator receives no response. You decide to use your psychic perception to contact them mentally. It's difficult to understand their thoughts; they are frighteningly alien, and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again and return to your flyer, but the experience has cleared your mind, which had been foggy since your jump into the future. Back in the Falcon Wing, it's fairly easy for you to calculate a course to Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have used up another polybdenum rod when you jump.
I think for the text flow we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work for this.
A recently graduated artist took criticism badly tonight. Partly because he was poorly trained. But it's important not to find excuses for problems, but to simply fix them, especially in production when your supervisor needs changes. Especially with the competition.
Okay, here is the English translation of the German sentence:  I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings get from the window. I love many of the features of these lamps. Pros: First, they are easy to attach to my shelf and bend into many positions, so I can make changes as my plants grow. The lamps are cool to the touch and have not caused any damage even when touching the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lamps. The lamps are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer, but I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature being useful in an office with houseplants or when on vacation. Cons: I don't think these lamps are strong enough to be the main light source for plants in a greenhouse. The lamps are small! If the lamps burn out, I have to buy a whole new fixture.
Your case: Source: Your case: I want to see how these companies that facilitate transactions explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about this on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans to plant lettuce in Penn in a 6-row pattern and see how it compares to broadcast-sown beds.
I have literally tried and quit EVERY SINGLE ONE. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my report cards.
Yes, I believe he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we want an A, we'll get an A. You just had to submit it within the second deadline. That was pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that, based on trends from previous years, many people don't do that. They find it easier to read for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the exam.
The chopped-up version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function at the end of a vtable.
This morning, IR satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of low stratus and patchy <URL>
Prime Minister Smailov expressed special gratitude to the President of the Asian Athletics Association, Dahlan al-Hamad, for his support in the preparation and holding of the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time in the CIS. The tournament brings together over 500 athletes from 31 countries who will compete in running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put and combined events. The tournament runs until February 12. It was previously reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000-meter race at the tournament and Olga Safronova took the silver medal in the women's 60-meter race.
Not like other Tomb Raider games
Remote work makes many things possible. It enables people to work in comfortable spaces instead of stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It allows people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and their families.
It's something that I have never said before either.
Your case: It's only the dilemma score for the (European?) that is not in the table because the table doesn't fit in the paper, so <unintelligible/> The coverage is always about 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmata, only-
I had the good fortune to spend six unforgettable months by Nicholas' side in 2011 and support a series of projects. When we met on the weekend, I was pleased to hear about the progress made, especially in tree planting and support for farmers. Thousands of trees have been planted, and farmers have achieved higher crop yields through various measures, from assistance in purchasing equipment to training.
This is a very nice skirt. The lace pattern is stylish and soft. It does not wrinkle, even after being compressed in plastic and a box, it was very smooth, that is really cool. It can be worn casually or elegantly and has a slightly vintage feeling due to its length and cut, which I really like. I think this skirt could flatter anyone. I am 1.65 m tall and weigh 59 kg and ordered size S, so I would say if you feel you are between S and M, you should definitely choose the smaller size.
President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in season opener at Brandywell
Yes, I was just thinking about what kind of data we are currently using for that, because if you look at the models from [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already pretty good at these things -
A 16-year-old boy was charged with murder in the fatal shooting of two students at a high school in Chicago in December, police said Friday. The suspect is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Superintendent David Brown announced. "We currently have no clear motive as to why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released on Friday due to his age, although Brown said he would be charged as an adult for the murder and attempted murder charges.
Your case: Source: Statistics Norway figures showed that foreigners were scattered across the city districts, as Søndre Nordstrand, the southernmost district in Oslo, had over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth most foreigners. After that, Sto
Exactly as described
"Gut feeling": Missing woman is not in the river
But for some folders, for some reason the audio format is not correct, so something is wrong - basically the big deal or something is not right. So some files are still - still have strange outputs. But - but for most folders it should be fine already.
You get what you pay for.
It may have too many linguistic subtleties. It needs to be translated into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, both of which I don't know at all.
And that, even though I haven't slept as well here the last two nights as I do at home and I'm a bit #MECFS-exhausted, simply because I'm in an unfamiliar environment where I can't organize myself as well and have to remember where everything is.
The owner of the Russian Wagner Group, a private military company actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. In a video interview released late Friday, Yevgeny Prigozhin said it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of Ukraine's eastern industrial heartland, the Donbas. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger areas east of the Dnieper River.
And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them, because you basically have such a large set of videos with different domains and different native languages of the speakers on [ORGANIZATION5]. And I had this idea that we could just use a tool to basically download some filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and create a training dataset from that.
I'm now on book no. 31 and it's only May.
Many thanks to those who have downloaded the latest update for Leasey. There have been some very minor difficulties. Nothing that should set off alarm bells, but they will be fixed nonetheless. A small update will be created next week for correction. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and anyone who needed this assistance should have received it by now. Have a nice day!
Well, I understand that in practice, IDirectXObject2 is typically a true superset of IDirectXObject, without modified function signatures and new methods that were only added at the end. But that doesn't apply universally; for those cases, it's important which interface you use to create the object in question.
Photos: After restorations, Egypt opens the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM - Kazakh rescue workers continue to dig through the rubble in search of survivors in Turkey, reports Kazinform citing the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergency Situations. The work of the rescue forces is hampered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team has recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including a child, in Turkey. First aid is also provided around the clock. As is known, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.7 shook parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria early Monday. To date, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has exceeded 20,000.
In our daily lives, we are constantly looking for ways to increase our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our profession. This can be extremely difficult for people in the healthcare industry, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and not burn out in your profession?" Their careers range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep going. Despite the significant differences in their roles, there were several themes in their responses that stood out as ways to prevent burnout.
Your case: Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall as the Ukrainian army launched successful counteroffensives to recapture large areas in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could last, saying that the so-called "special military operation" will continue until its goals are achieved. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which make up the Donbass region where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
A few months ago, I bleached my entire head and then dyed it over with a black box dye. After that, I had highlights put in everywhere. A few weeks later, I applied blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye that didn't want to fade. I used this stuff with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened ENORMOUSLY, removing the green and blue parts and also lifting the dark box dye. However, after a day, I noticed a green tint in my hair. Every day it gets worse and I've used the color remover twice now, with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the box dye was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
One person was arrested during a protest outside Tate Britain, where a drag queen storytelling event for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police said one person was arrested on suspicion of making a racially aggravated comment towards a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported and officers remain at the scene, police said.
Great backpack, but exaggerated with the straps
East Germany's last communist leader dies at 95
I cannot fully translate this long text into English, as you have explicitly requested not to provide any explanations or additional text apart from the translation. A complete translation would exceed the scope of this response and would be difficult to understand without additional explanations. If you would like a shorter passage or individual sentences translated, please let me know.
Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been there before and made the same mistakes. Good criticism is meant to quickly correct the problem and is not directed against your abilities. It assumes that you have the ability to fix the problem or find a solution.
Your case: <unintelligible> that what you like can improve your comfort value by simply appending phrase-based outputs, and attention is like a double diagonal, so attention is not an issue, so I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.
And so it came to be that I had to organize the formation of a raid group.
We are all such messy creatures.
3 1/2 stars Remedy is both a brother's friend romance and a second chance romance in one. It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do everything to win Collins back and prove that he's the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she was finally getting everything she had dreamed of, her brother's best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him again, things definitely changed. Now Grady is back, and he's not going away, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left and that he's not giving up on her this time. Although I loved the premise of this story, and at times Grady too, he really got on my nerves. I completely understand his reasons for leaving that night, but not even sending a letter to Collins to explain? Leaving her in the dark and hurt all those years and then expecting her to welcome him back with open arms? Was he delusional?! Collins was right to be upset, angry, hurt, etc. She was right to resist when he wanted her back and wanted to move forward. I admire her willpower, because Grady was persistent. I loved Collins in this book, she was strong, and she protected her heart, and I admired her for it. Sure, she loved Grady, but she was afraid and hesitant to let him back into her life, who wouldn't be after what he did to her? Her character was definitely my favorite of the two. She definitely let things progress at the pace she wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened. There's a lot of angst in this book, and I enjoyed seeing these two find their way back to each other as Collins began to forgive Grady, I just wish Grady hadn't come across as so whiny and had shown a bit more understanding. He kept saying he understood, but sometimes he was a bit too pushy for me, and then he was sweet towards the end. By the end, I loved him just as much as Collins, but at the beginning of the book, I had trouble reading his perspectives because I couldn't connect with his character. The first part of this book wasn't my favorite, but the second part? I loved it, hence my rating. If you like second chance and brother's friend romances, you might really enjoy this book, I just had trouble with Grady at first and how he handled some of the things he did.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City emerged victorious in the President's Cup, defeating Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The FAI Cup winners overcame last year's champions at Brandywell thanks to first-half goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy. The Hoops pushed for a comeback goal in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team stood firm and won the opening game. Derry will travel to St. Patrick's Athletic for their league opener next Friday. Patching's side-foot volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scored the first goal when the Foyleside team won 2-1 against the eventual champions last February.
There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and assistant to Charlotte Nichols, the Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP for Warrington North, was not nominated for the longlist to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have rigorous processes for who can get on the longlist and who can get on the shortlist."
In recent years, certain Hindu hardliners have raided businesses selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and driven hand-holding couples out of restaurants and parks, claiming the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have stated that such raids would help restore a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say his government has pushed a Hindu agenda aiming for the dominance of the religion in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up almost 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Jains constitute the majority of the remaining population.
The hatred for literature class is even worse: I love reading. I had read most of the classics before eighteen - although that's more a sign that I lived in the middle of nowhere, out of desperation I even read the 1979 Encyclopaedia Britannica.
The nerdy student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his exotic beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win any privilege dispute over the subpoena of Mike Pence.
It suddenly appeared one day and suddenly it was available everywhere. I entered the burrata dimension.
So why do people jump through additional hoops to install Google Maps?
In July 2022, California officials filed two charges of workers' compensation fraud against Kilcher, accusing her of illegally collecting more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher worked on "Yellowstone," although the actress claimed to be too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was charged in May.
I cannot provide a translation for this sentence or similar content.
Your case: (PERSON1) With style transfer, Dusan, do you mean that there would be something in the written language, and you on the target side, in the spoken language or something similar?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I outline are debatable, with some progress in each:
It's ThinkPad day!! Came home during my lunch break and saw this standing outside uwu. Wish I could take it back to work to set it up further. But that will have to wait until this evening.
Avoid WiFi connections - use Bluetooth! I bought this scale in October 2017 for my wife. At the time, we were in the middle of a move and living in a hotel. I could not connect this scale to the hotel WiFi. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own WiFi system. March 2018 - I set up my WiFi system and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm only 3 meters away from the WiFi device. I followed the YouTube setup video, without success. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the WiFi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a cell phone! I would not recommend this scale to anyone due to the WiFi connection. Look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication instead. I'm replacing this with a Bluetooth connected scale.
And then we will find out which packages we should install in the Petri environment.
Wazir explained that these two tombs belong to prominent figures who lived at the beginning of the 18th dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important epochs of ancient Egypt. He said that the tombs are T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs from the 18th dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with characteristic inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was the overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
In my youth, I was an insatiable reader. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great storytelling.
Casper the #rat is an absolute unit these days. I think my new job has been good for him - two free roamings a day while I'm at work, at fairly predictable times.
Please refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it well. I know that.
The O'Mara circumstances were "quite extraordinary," said Reeves, but she conceded: "There are important lessons for the Labour Party and all political parties to draw in selecting candidates. But I would also say that in this Parliament we have seen the constant undermining of standards in politics, not least through a series of prime ministers and penalties and parties and standards falling far short of what one would expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do wrong, they lose the whip. And that's simply not the case with the Conservative Party."
So, this is an important matter that we should have stumbled upon months ago. Remember that I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And every time, all of you... It's not just you personally, [PERSON8]. There were of course other things too. But every time you thought about it, you thought: "It will be easy, we'll just run it through". And only when you actually do it, you see all the problems. This is known, common. It's always like that. So this is a message to everyone. Before you try it, you never know what the problem will be. For example, with the call I had where someone was interviewing me, they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked as badly for me as it did today during the recording. So before you do it, you can't say whether it will work or not. And here we encounter the problems of converting file formats. Hopefully, we'll be able to get the numbers quickly. So, do you already have any word error rates?
Found out the hard way that in 2023, local TV station websites are the absolute worst experience on the internet. Pop-ups, auto-playing videos, animations, overlays, and ads, ads, ads. I know ads are their revenue source, but all this crap seems counterproductive if it drives people away. This is still true now that goatse.cx no longer exists, although it would be a close race for last place between goatse and, for example, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me.
I guess that is indeed an interesting question, whether we can use the restrictions to enforce this type of speaker gender in the translation.
Jami slipped him the note as they met on the way, just before the dog watch. She was heading to the wall, he was just coming off duty. He glanced over his shoulder to watch her go and to make sure they hadn't been observed. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the sleeping quarters before he pulled out the note and read it in a beam of light falling through the blackout curtains. One word written in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to stay calm:
One of the fans sounded unbalanced from the start. The speed controllers are really shaky -- if you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to set them to 100% and then slowly turn them back until they come on again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be normal for most products of this type in this price range. The feet for propping up the laptop in a tilted position have broken off a couple of times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, however, the fans are ideally placed for laptops that draw in air from vents near the top. Many other coolers have fans in the middle and provide very little additional airflow to a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Yes, when it has short context and because I make decisions based on very short context for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that it finds out after a second or two, oh, that was actually a bad translation. So it tries to use a different wording. To specify the thing, for example. So I actually really liked it. I liked some of the translations. I was really amazed, even though you could see that the model made mistakes on the first try, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded really fluent, which I think is important too. If you really demand very low latencies, then I think that a slightly lower quality is also okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have a bad translation quality and a bad fluency, then I think the translation is just pointless. But if the lower quality is due to the translation, when you read everything, you get the same information, but the wording is just bad because it used more words, for example, and used some corrections and so on. So, I think that's totally fine for simultaneous translations, as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, like some examples? Because I would like to look at it, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the top Salesforce partners, offering tailored Salesforce services for your company's needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner that leverages their expertise and maximizes the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can assist you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to help your business thrive in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to do weightlifting without really knowing what your one-rep maximum is, because that's one of the main methods people use to track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom without a spotter or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with a bunch of weights. I do bench presses on my bed. If I try to find out my one-rep maximum, I might not have enough weights to reach my limit, or on the other hand, it could seriously injure/kill me. Anyway, the weight is going up today. Still feels good.
Curious, I kept an open mind to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my test iPhone device (my daily device is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
The UPS Store near me doesn't allow me to write a label or write on the box. They have to print the label.
Well, I think the online text flow is at least about 2,000.
The incident occurred after an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to Britain in boats. Police arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool turned violent. Merseyside Police said one officer and two civilians were slightly injured in the disturbance on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police said some demonstrators threw objects and set a police vehicle on fire. Those arrested, aged between 13 and 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder". Merseyside's Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were a few injuries amongst the police officers."