I swear, Burrata didn't exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't understand it; it could be that the tools are simply so extensive and vague that my brain completely freezes due to 'too many possibilities'.
For Interspeech, we could also divide it paper by paper. This way, some papers would go into the Interspeech proceedings, and some of our submissions would come later for the PBML proceedings. The authors could choose freely. So we need to negotiate this either with SIGDial or Interspeech. We need to ask whether it's okay for them to have some of our contributions, provided these contributions are submitted by the March deadline. So there's a strictly absolute requirement. And I think they can't object to that because if the paper is worth publishing, it's just a bonus that it has a shared task result that appears in the satellite event. So yes, I think that's okay. We don't need to ask for a special session at Interspeech - that's not what we want. At Interspeech, we want the satellite event. But we'll tell our people: If you manage to complete your paper by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you have the chance to present it at Interspeech. If you don't make it for the Interspeech deadline, here's our deadline. And that's for PBML.
My neighbor and I arrived home at the same time, and I could hear him from across the street having a violent Covid cough. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me to chat. I swear, Covid-infected people are like zombies trying to infect everyone else.
Yes, well, I mean, I just did the same thing.
This would be mainly for surfing the internet, occasional email correspondence, and some games.
Okay, so just a question for myself to make sure: In the concatenation settings, you insert the sentence separator, right? Do you have a special token to distinguish which is the source and which is the context or the other sentence, or do you simply concatenate them without anything and hope that the system learns it?
According to a Bloomberg report on Friday, Donald Trump's heavily indebted skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "credit watch" due to declining revenues and rising costs. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly report on the remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Meanwhile, expenses have increased by 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and which was valued at $540 million in 2015.
I loved the ring, but couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I liked the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I gave 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is that I realized I couldn't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings constantly, which is why I always make sure to buy sterling silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even while washing hands - and didn't notice any tarnishing. Interestingly, the problem I had was that the inside of the ring actually made my finger white and moist - similar to a bandage when worn for a long time. This happened even when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and have never experienced it with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really liked it a lot! So if you buy this ring with the intention of wearing it only occasionally, I say: Do it! You won't be disappointed!
Oh yes, I just don't know if you caught it <unintelligible> when we were talking about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (blow) is better, and the other is that the lemmas are actually manually correctly inflected. But that's not a problem, it's actually good that it's <unintelligible> correct, yes. So I thought it might be possible. I'm not sure if we have test data for this, but we could try to do some kind of style transfer with the models. As you know, we can use a constraint and instead try to use a synonymous constraint and see or compare how the outputs differ. But I'm just describing this vaguely because I'm not sure how to implement it myself. However, it could be an interesting standalone scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know of any style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have anything like that?
I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that some people have come to me privately and said: "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to grant you this amount of money."
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka their home, and just over 700 lived in the central city district. Ullern, Vestre Aker and Nordstrand formed the other city districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, these districts had significantly more immigrants than the center of Oslo and Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries, as well as from the United Kingdom, mainly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo and St. Hanshaugen. Meanwhile, although many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner and Søndre Nordstrand.
On the day of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, which destroyed the World Trade Center and killed 3,000 people, Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street was suddenly the tallest building in the city. His claim was not only insensitive but also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year prison sentence, the shadow chancellor said. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key local party figures had resigned in protest. They were criticising how Labour's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the selection process for parliamentary candidates at the next general election.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories about the influence of capitalism on the actual content of science are compatible with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
On the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said "Long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear-y unfortunate bear after it was trapped in a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the agency, the bear had holed up in a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. However, as the snow began to melt, the culvert started to flood, trapping the bear in deep snow and ice, the agency said. Agency staff responded quickly and helped free the bear. The agency's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but groggy - obviously from being awakened from hibernation," the Facebook post states. The agency then relocated the bear to a state wildlife management area so it could continue its hibernation. The sleepy carnivore was estimated to be 6 years old and weighed between 170-181 kg (375-400 lbs).
I loved Collins... It took a while before I took Grady to my heart.
Yes, because in general his exams are quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today, or is that it until the new year?
The experience of having to follow instructions was significantly better with Apple Maps than with Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
So [PERSON2], does that make sense?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher achieved her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she portrayed Pocahontas. Her other roles include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." Most recently, she was seen in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but not the last time) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored more than 20 runs and took more than 2 wickets in the same T20I (Twenty20 International). She thus joins a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this all-round performance in this format of the game.
I'm extracting functionality from my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Now it's getting wild!" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over leadership of the GDR shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but could not stop the growing push for German reunification. "The entire peaceful process of establishing German unity was precisely a special achievement of his," the Left party wrote on Twitter. "This will remain his political legacy." During his 16-year tenure as party leader in Dresden from 1973, Modrow gained a reputation as a critic of the system. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
I don't remember exactly, but it was around the time when I started these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was combining the paraphrase and source. Maybe I also tried to place the sources first, then a separator and the paraphrase second. I might have also tried to randomly mix the two things, yes, and I just remember that it performed many of these permutations and tried multi-encoders. I don't remember now, but I can check before the next meeting.
He and Johnny Depp are amazing actors. As for his portrayal of Churchill,
So Epic initiated that? We can continue.
A pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was rushed to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Friday around 1:30 PM on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the incident. Police are asking witnesses or people with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our investigations are ongoing and we ask anyone who was in the area and witnessed the accident to contact us. I would also like to appeal to anyone who was driving in the area and may have dashcam footage that could assist our investigation to get in touch." Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, February 10, 2023.
I'm sorry, what? My girlfriend recommended the mask from this line, so I bought this, this conditioner, and the All-in-One Milk. I can't say anything about the effectiveness of the product because the smell was simply not tolerable. You know that musty odor found in ladies' restrooms in old buildings, meant to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but which only turns into this sour, chemical, somehow musty grandma smell? Yes, that's all I can think of when I smell this. You know, different people, different tastes, so maybe you like the smell. My friend said it could help even the most damaged hair, so if you don't care about the scent, then no problem. I know that natural products don't smell as nice as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines care less about it since it will sell anyway, and now everything just smells like Play-Doh. I've lost a few favorite lines because they changed the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a counterfeit (which I asked Davines about and they said it wasn't), but this smells like UGH and I had to return it.
The news that Special Counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Team Trump use the courts to obstruct this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena on grounds of executive privilege should fail. First of all, there's the fundamental question of whether a former president can even claim the privilege. Remember that Trump has already tried and failed to prevent the House January 6 committee from obtaining White House documents.
Could it be that Google Search is integrated with Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were reopened on Thursday after completion of restoration work. The reopening ceremony was conducted by the Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and CSIC, which has been active since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs, which are located in the area of Dra Abu al-Naga on the west bank of Luxor. They managed to uncover many tombs, sarcophagi, mummies and a funerary garden.
Humanity releases in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working on games. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community form around the user-generated content of the game? I really hope so. The game's story, the ideas and questions it raises, feel timely. I hope everything goes well.
Porro experienced an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Image: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was difficult to follow as it jumped back and forth a lot. Moreover, the title doesn't fit the story. The author hinted that several people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was confused at times and had to go back and reread a lot to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
(PERSON6) For the upcoming meetings, I asked following the inquiry because I saw the demo of the (meme) project. They do offline subtitling. That's slightly simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their task in translation is shortening, simply because the data gets shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles created for the hearing impaired. So there's a natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could also find such kind of data where natural shortening occurs. We would incorporate it into the architecture.
Trump's prized 40 Wall Street building reportedly under "creditor watch" due to declining revenues
With a new #FFXIV raid tier in sight, I've been thinking for a long time: "Man, I'd love to try real raiding, but the group finder sounds like chaos, and I'll never find a static group that will take me."
But after decades of reading almost nothing (except for functional work-related non-fiction and occasional self-help books), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
(PERSON8) I tried it, I think about two tokens, and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token itself could also be tokenized. So I replaced it with another token that is not just meant for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain delimiter tokens. Therefore, I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and would thus appear only once. I had no guarantee that this token could not appear elsewhere in the sentence and that this would be the only place where it would appear. Therefore, it could have been done more carefully, yes, I agree with that.
Ripped off by Vision Supplies
This is for the component library of Wikipedia (OOUI). It is mostly semantic HTML with CSS and usually does not require custom elements (which offer connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce pesticide use while finding ways to address problems caused by climate change and pests. An example of this is Spodoptera frugiperda, which can devastate corn crops.
Confusing plot
It has a slimmer shape that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp corners to get caught on, and the permanently attached power cable makes it far less susceptible to damage than the original XB1 controller. The disadvantages are: 1) The vibration effect triggered in action games feels much weaker. 2) The directional joystick and buttons of the controller wear out very quickly. We handle them very roughly and wear out 2-3 controllers per year. Therefore, we need to be selective and careful about what we buy in our annual controller investments. The controller needs more durable springs; after a few months, the most frequently used buttons stop responding, and the right joystick loses its centering, causing screen maps to zoom and characters to move forward without any input from the controls.
Very nice looking guitar. Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't bother trying to get an undamaged one. We returned 2 due to shipping damage, and the 3rd was also damaged. We gave up. They ship it in the soft, thin case with a sheet of brown paper in a cardboard box. No padding at all.
There was telework even before 2020. In the foreseeable future, there will continue to be jobs that can be done remotely.
One of the girls said: "That's what you get." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he was angry and wanted everyone to see the video and what the teenagers had done to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and classic example of the development into a father figure. Joel uses his skills and his ability to carry out extreme acts of violence to fulfill a task that is portrayed as "caring."
I often marvel at the human ability to be so hard on oneself while being flooded with so much evidence of what real cruelty looks like.
"We hope that Biden has a plan for managing the end of Title 42. If the administration has one, they haven't fully communicated it."
"You don't hear that often: 'I'm only dropping him off in Glasgow'," said the ticket seller.
Cool concept! It just needs a few improvements to make it a truly great product.
We currently use a MutationObserver workaround. For performance reasons, we do not observe the entire document. We create a detached, temporary parent element, install the MO there, and observe its detachment (and thus attachment elsewhere).
It turned out that it was assumed that the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3, which, compared to an IDirect3DViewport I implemented, had additional methods added at the end.
I could think about it. However, I'm not really familiar with Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Minnesota biologists rescue trapped black bear
As she further explained, there's a method to a strategy that most people in Washington would consider madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we don't sugarcoat like everyone else. SIGTARP (Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program) will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We might sometimes be embarrassed and disclose things that we - and others - could easily conceal, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will have proven to them that we tell the truth. This may be the most important reason for Biden to consistently take responsibility: In every presidency, moments inevitably arise when it is crucial to have the trust of the public and the institutions that protect civic interests. Moreover, there is important capital to be gained by owning up to one's mistakes, and Biden can draw an important distinction from his political opponents. The President would do well to follow the old saying: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, if you like. Ignore me, if you like. It hurts, but you have to do what you think is right.
Yes, because I think it's a method that is very easy to test, and it should always be tested in comparison to the two encoders. I would expect it to sometimes perform better and sometimes worse than the setup with two encoders, depending on the specific task and what exactly the second element being encoded is. For example, if you have two copies or two paraphrases of the same sentence, it could somehow confuse the attention - but I'm not sure. The behavior could also differ between the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to the Transformer. With RNNs, it might have behaved differently; with the Transformer, it's more difficult to train, so you might need to increase the number of warm-up phases or initial phases.
I need to send a random address by email, with unformatted data, so that the case worker can read the email and enter the information into their system to print a label.
#FalconGameBooks
I can only say good things about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, wrapping paper, and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the various size options make it easier to find the perfect choice for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely lovely and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to ensure I was satisfied with my product. Full 5 stars!
No, I haven't worked on it. [PERSON1] said we'll do it together once she receives the transcript.
I really like akkoma the software and the domain name I got for my instance very much. But somehow I feel like I got off on the wrong foot with this instance. And I never felt comfortable there. I will stay here a little longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
So anyway, since it applies here, I had to extend my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods in order to fix this, so that the call to the new method was valid.
Intersex is even recognized by TERFs and similar groups, as it is usually physical and therefore more visible. Similar to how mental health is often seen as less "real" than physical health by many, I feel that being trans is merely a kind of mental intersexuality.
Biden Justice Department "doesn't want an armed citizenry"
Yes, so for English with multiple accents. We are now bringing this together with [PERSON14] into a single technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he will create new sentences with words that have been spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So these will really be sentences with multiple speakers, and this could also improve robustness towards the various accents of these speakers. So this is a partial experiment. Later we might do more on the topic of different accents. These new sentences will thus try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible amount of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the pure text language model by adding the audio data, so that the language model for ASR becomes better and the robustness towards different speakers is also improved. Yesterday, I heard another idea in a presentation. During training, they omitted time and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and this also significantly improved the robustness of the system.
By the way, I've tried almost every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I won't accept any comments on the ethics of killing mice.
And I think only two or three sentences were inflected correctly in the wrong context, as if the translation were incorrect. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence itself was incorrect, and that part must be <unintelligible>, but those were only one or two cases.
(PERSON11) This is important. Please write this here in the documentation, this <unintelligible> summary, because it's for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you speak with [PERSON10], and possibly [PERSON5] as well. If we have this tool, we need to transfer the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple workers <unintelligible>. We need to transfer the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR, and to the Czech ASR, for example, depending on the <other_noise>. And also to this language identification component, and then we need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that would observe the text outputs and also follow the timestamps and probably produce the output in three separate language channels, either through silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs, so that the ASR is mute when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the correct language. I just thought of this kind of setup. Another option would be that the same audio is transmitted to ASR and to this language checker. This language checker is essentially a part of the ASR that mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which type of integration of language identification is best for our purposes. So please keep thinking about what our pipelines look like. Ideally, I think, the least administrative confusion and so on would arise if our MT models were multilingual. If they would support various source languages and translate from each of these languages into English. Possibly just make a copy if English was given as input, so that we would have multilingual multiple ASRs at the beginning. All go into English, and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, language identification wouldn't even be necessary anymore.
Oh dear, one of those was for me yesterday.
It's fake news, CBN refutes claim that there's a lack of capacity to print more new Naira notes
The piano is a great start! It promotes your child's inner artistic ability and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to become a future pianist, you should try this product! It's really worth the money!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to watch as you set the flyer down on the red ground, but they don't move towards you; in fact, they remain motionless as you climb out of the flyer and slowly approach them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then quake, as if in an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids seem unaffected by it. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. Repnids have dug tunnels under the surface, and you fall into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. The end comes quickly as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read about studies on sex, gender, and psychology, the more simplified and inaccurate the statement "My sex is male, my gender identity is female" seems. It almost feels like giving up part of the argument to TERFs (trans-exclusionary radical feminists). I believe being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My gender is non-binary, my gender identity is female.
Antonio Conte complained about the defense, and a particular player is currently struggling to defend. He's facing very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it's very disappointing. Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead through Barnes in the 81st minute. Despite the victory against Manchester City the previous week, Tottenham missed the chance to move past Newcastle into third place.
I've been toying with this idea for a while:
Do you know an efficient method for how a web component can react to being added to or removed from a document?
Good, alright. So, I will check on the 21st, and otherwise I will send them an email.
I asked the seller before buying if the color was too yellow, and I was told it was like antique gold, darker. Absolutely not true! The set looks VERY cheap. It is super shiny yellow with many cubic zirconia stones and shines even more. In the photo it looks great, but in reality I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Nevertheless, unimaginable fear, terror, and displacement have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
The battery life is terrible on the one I bought on Amazon. I still can't believe Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else comes even close. I absolutely LOVE this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works but there's an elbow mark in the middle of the touchscreen, also thanks to my husband... I bought this as a replacement, and the screen is great, but the battery it came with lasts maybe a couple of days. My original (the third) holds a charge for weeks, and I use my remote for everything.
Musical start
Father says daughter took her own life after bullying at NJ school
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO of a large company. It's all clickbait, but I'm worried about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the New Democratic Party and Progressives want to depopulate society for the benefit of the environment. "They are the CO2 they are trying to reduce."
Oh, I see, oh yes, those are the two ratings, right?
Africans formed the third largest group of immigrants in Oslo, with 28,020 people from Africa living in Oslo. Europeans from countries that are not part of the United Kingdom, the EU or the EEA were the fourth largest group and made up 15,566 residents of Oslo. From here, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022 there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while there were a little over 3,000 citizens from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently I tried to use them, and unfortunately my Keurig machine gives me an error message every time I try one, saying the pod is not compatible with my machine. I've been using Donut Shop pods in my machine since I first bought it and never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee pod, I noticed that the code printed on top of the pod is not very readable, so I can only assume I have a bad batch. I bought a pack of 72, which is 6 packs of 12 each. I even tried one from each of the 6 packs and keep getting the same error message. I know it's not my machine because other pods I try work perfectly fine. It's only with this delivery that I'm having this problem. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer service representative who refunded my money. Thank you, AMAZON, for your wonderful customer support!
The theme of this week's Revelations is "Staying up all night". I've been playing with this little piece in my head for a few days. It's definitely more romance than erotic content. Maybe I've read too many romance novels with impossible "meet-cutes" and this is the result, but I like it. Also, I will definitely experience an earth-shattering orgasm someday, maybe not with a str...
Everything I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls throwing a drink at the teenager, then kicking her and dragging her through the school hallways. They pushed Adriana against red lockers lining the school corridors, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I'm giving the product 3 stars for now. I don't want to give the seller a bad review unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats a lot. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello itself, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that can fly better than some larger, older drones, and some of my larger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with, and it actually takes the fun out of flying. I assume it's a manufacturing issue that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I have to give the seller credit for delivery, as it arrived the day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, pro-dictatorial right... that's the real danger. Deport the supporters of white supremacy.
Later in life, Modrow served on the Senior Council of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply honest and combative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left parliamentary group. "Into old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Yes, I believe (wasn't it Dominik who did some experiments with Ivana?). I think in the last year or the year before last for "double empty," where they considered the context or concatenated the context with the input sentence and conducted a form of document translation. But the problem with this concatenation is that it's not entirely certain whether it has the same effect as our multi-encoder setup.
"Great attention is being paid to the development of sports infrastructure. A clear example of this is this track and field complex with over six thousand seats," reads the letter from the Kazakh President. Kazakh athletes compete successfully and represent Kazakhstan in major world competitions. They are role models for the younger generation and inspire youth to great achievements, according to Tokayev. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give new impetus to the development of track and field in the country, and promised increased cooperation with international organizations in this area.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
As much as we may like certain people, if they only allow fascists to have an amateur league career, they should probably have to accept it.
They had keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
Indian government withdraws call for cow hugging on Valentine's Day after criticism
One of the craziest aspects of my neighbors turning against me is the thought of how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Sure, they lowered corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that promote more business activity.
And my idea is that a user clicks this microphone button and starts speaking, and while the user speaks, you send the audio simultaneously in small pieces. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And the HTTP server adds it to a queue, which I will process later with ASR. And the model will perform some logic, an inference with it. And as soon as it has a new piece of the transcript, it will be sent back, and the user should receive the partial transcript. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Yes, yes, it is very important to actually parallelize everything, to parallelize both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell data format, because he has to do this many times, there will be errors, it must be repeated quickly.
Yes, thank you.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet.
IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts with the most foreigners
Echidna with amethyst and magenta colored spines. She is average in size, has an average build and is muscular. Her tail is extremely thick. Her hair is raspberry-colored, short and curly. Her eyes are pear green and she wears scarlet cat-eye glasses. Her most interesting feature is her good deeds.
I'm playing around a bit with Flutter. To be honest, I'd rather not build my business on Google's technology. On the other hand, Google is one of the few major players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Abe keeps his worries hidden and laughs easily, while Tom is not afraid to cry but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before letting you see that she is hurt, and laughs the most when things are turned upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is the constant companion of life.
I was disappointed when I received this item, as the silver part surrounding the dial appeared to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but rather that the plastic used looked incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire appearance. I also didn't trust that it would withstand daily use, so I sent it back. I was disappointed because it would have been a good deal if it weren't for this flaw. However, if you can overlook this, it might be the right thing for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I've had enough of conservative parties and governments that claim to be business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood tears into 44-million-pound new signing Pedro Porro after miserable Tottenham debut
You land the flyer with its nose up on the side of the slag heap and disembark. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching but make no move to approach you; in fact, they remain motionless as you slowly walk towards them. You stop while still standing on the pile of crumbled rock and soil, and speak to them: "I come in peace as a friend." It seems they can't hear you, let alone understand, as your universal translator receives no response. You decide to use your psychic perception to contact them mentally. It's difficult to understand their thoughts; they are terrifyingly alien and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again and return to your flyer, but the experience has cleared your mind, which had been foggy since your jump into the future. Back in Falcon's Wing, it's quite easy for you to calculate a course to Earth in the year 3034 A.D. Note that you have used another polybdenum rod when you jumped.
I think for the text flow we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work for this.
A recently graduated artist didn't take some criticism well this evening; partly because he had been poorly taught. However, it's important not to make excuses for problems and simply fix them, especially in production when your supervisor needs changes. Particularly in light of the competition.
I bought these lamps to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I love many of the features of these lamps. Advantages: First, they easily clamp onto my shelf and bend into many positions, allowing me to make adjustments as my plants grow. The lamps are cool to the touch and haven't caused any damage even when in contact with the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lamps. The lamps are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer as I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature could be useful in an office with houseplants or while on vacation. Disadvantages: I don't think these lamps are strong enough to be the main light source for seedlings. The lamps are small! If the lamps burn out, I have to buy a whole new device.
I want to see how these companies that facilitate transactions explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about that on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans to plant lettuce at Penn in a 6-row pattern and see how it compares to broadcast-seeded beds.
I have literally tried EVERY SINGLE ONE and dropped them again. And until about two years ago, I knew nothing about it until I checked my report cards.
Yes, I believe he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we want an A, we will probably get an A. We just have to submit it within the second deadline. That was essentially all he requested. But he also told us that according to trends from past years, many people don't do that. They find it easier to read for the exam. Sorry, to study for the exam.
The modified version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function outside the bounds of a virtual method table.
This morning, infrared satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of low stratus clouds and scattered <URL>
Kazakhstan's Prime Minister Smailov extended special thanks to the President of the Asian Athletics Association, Dahlan al-Hamad, for his support in the preparation and execution of the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time on the territory of the CIS. The tournament gathered over 500 athletes from 31 countries who will compete in running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put, and combined events. The tournament runs until February 12. It was previously reported that Kazakhstani runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000m and Olga Safronova won the silver medal in the women's 60m at the tournament.
Not like other Tomb Raider games
Remote work offers many possibilities. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces instead of stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It allows people to avoid long commute times that steal time from their daily lives and families.
It's something I've never said before either.
It's just that the lemma value for the (Europeans?) is not in the table because the table doesn't fit into the paper, so <unintelligible/> The coverage is always 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmas, only
I had the good fortune to spend six unforgettable months with Nicholas in 2011 and support a series of projects. When we exchanged updates over the weekend, I was very pleased to hear about the progress, especially regarding tree planting and support for farmers. Thousands of trees have been planted, and farmers have seen higher crop yields through various measures, from assistance with equipment purchases to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is elegant and soft. It doesn't wrinkle; even after being squeezed into plastic and a box, it was very smooth, which is really cool. You can easily style it more casually or elegantly, and due to its length and cut, it has a certain vintage feel, which I totally like. I think this skirt could suit anyone. I am 1.65 m tall and weigh 59.0 kg and ordered size S, so I would say if you are wavering between S and M, definitely go for the smaller size.
President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in season opener at Brandywell
Yes, I might have just been thinking about what kind of data we are currently using for that, because if you check the models from [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already pretty good at these things -
A 16-year-old boy was charged with the murder of two students in a deadly shooting at a high school in Chicago in December, police made the announcement on Friday. The suspect is being charged with two counts of aggravated murder and two counts of attempted aggravated murder, Chicago Police Superintendent David Brown announced. "We currently have no clear motive for why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released on Friday due to his age, although Brown said he would face the murder and attempted murder charges as an adult.
The figures from Statistics Norway showed that foreigners were distributed across all districts, with Søndre Nordstrand, Oslo's southernmost district, having over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in sought-after areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth highest number of foreigners. After that, Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø and Sagene made up the rest of the top ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from another country.
Exactly as described
"Gut feeling": Missing woman is not in the river
However, for some folders, the audio format is incorrect for some reason, causing something to go wrong - meaning that the large conversion process or something similar is flawed. As a result, some files still have an unexpected outcome. But for most folders, it should already be fine.
You get what you pay for.
Perhaps it has too many linguistic subtleties. It needs to be translated into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, neither of which I have any knowledge of.
And that's despite not sleeping as well here over the past two nights as I do at home and being somewhat #MECFS-exhausted due to staying in an unfamiliar environment where I can't organize myself as well and have to remember where things are.
The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview released late Friday that it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of the eastern industrial region of Donbas in Ukraine. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger areas east of the Dnieper.
(PERSON6) And I think if we just... We could probably simply get the data from them, because on [ORGANIZATION5] you have such a large amount of videos with different topics and speakers of various native languages. And I had the idea that we could just use a tool to basically download some filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and create training tests and a training dataset from that.
I'm now on book number 31 and it's only May.
Thank you to everyone who has downloaded the latest update for Leasey. Some very minor difficulties have occurred. Nothing to be concerned about, but they will be fixed nonetheless. A small update will be released next week to correct them. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and anyone who needed this help should have received it by now. Have a nice day!
I understand that in practice IDirectXObject2 is typically a true superset of IDirectXObject, without modified function signatures and only with new methods at the end. However, this is not always the case; in such instances, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.
Photos: After restorations, Egypt inaugurates the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM - Kazakhstani rescue teams continue to search for survivors in the rubble in Türkiye, as Kazinform reports, citing the press service of the Kazakhstani Ministry of Emergency Situations. The work of the rescue teams is hampered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. At this time, the Kazakhstani rescue team has recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including a child, in Türkiye. First aid is also provided around the clock. On early Monday, a 7.7 magnitude earthquake devastated parts of southeastern Türkiye and northern Syria. To date, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Türkiye has exceeded 20,000.
In our daily lives, we constantly search for ways to increase our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our profession. This can be extremely difficult for people in the healthcare industry, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and how do you avoid burning out in your profession?" Their careers range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep going. Despite the big differences in their roles, several themes emerged in their answers that stood out as possibilities for preventing burnout.
Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the autumn as the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives to recapture large areas in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could continue, stating that the so-called "special military operation" would continue until its objectives are met. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which form the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting against Ukrainian forces since 2014.
I had bleached all my hair and then, a few months ago, I dyed it over with a black hair dye from a tube. After that, I had highlights put in all over my hair. A few weeks later, I dyed my hair with blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye, which wouldn't wash out. I used this product with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened ENORMOUSLY everywhere, removed the green and blue spots and also lifted the dark tube color. However, after a day I noticed a greenish sheen in my hair. Every day it gets worse and I have now used the color remover twice, with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the tube color was. This is a great product; it just doesn't seem to last long.
A person was arrested during a protest outside Tate Britain, where a drag queen story-telling event for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police stated that one person was arrested on suspicion of making a racially aggravated comment towards a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported, and officers remain at the scene, according to the police.
Great backpack, but excessive amount of straps
East Germany's last communist leader dies at 95
And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. That's why I asked to create different versions of this dictionary by only considering words that were observed five times. And only the pronunciations that were observed three or more times, or something similar. This way, these random errors, like the example with "four IBM" instead of IBM, won't be as frequent. But you'll still have the pronunciation variants, because if the person says this "alzo", if you remember, if he says this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in his speech, then you'll see that in the data with the "Z". And if he sometimes manages to say it correctly, then yes, you'll see that in the data too. So I want [PERSON4] to stay in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you continue with the call, right? I have to go now because I need to give the children lunch and so on. But please stay on this call and figure out together how to use this dictionary. So, [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please look at it and help convert the dictionary you created into this file. One thing that is still needed is the language model replacement. But all these words should be known words. So, [PERSON4], you need to figure out which words are in the language model. And the words that are in the language model should simply be copied. So the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is output. The phonemes, as [PERSON2] suggested. And there will be multiple rows with different phoneme variations. And the third column will be the same again for all of these, and it will be the same grapheme form again. That's what the language model sees. And I think that these systems should be able to load it this way. And you might encounter another problem: that it's not ready for two large custom dictionaries. So this is also something that needs to be tested, but please test it, both of you together. So [PERSON2] knows what he created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to bring these two pieces of knowledge together. Ah, so that it works with the generated dictionary.
Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has gone through this and made the same mistakes. Good criticism is meant to quickly correct the problem and is not directed against your abilities. It assumes that you have the ability to fix the problem or find a solution.
(PERSON2) <incomprehensible/> You can improve your rating score by simply appending phrase-based outputs to what you like. The attention mechanism is like a double diagonal, so attention is not an issue. I believe you, but it is surprising that it did not work.
And so I suddenly found myself having to put together a raid group roster.
We are all such messy creatures.
3 1/2 stars Remedy is both a brother's-friend romance and a second-chance romance in one. It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do everything to win Collins back and prove that he's the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she was finally getting everything she had dreamed of: her brother's best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him again, things definitely changed. Now Grady is back, and he's not going away, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left and that he's not giving up on her this time. While I loved the premise of this story, and Grady at times, he really got on my nerves. I completely understand his reasons for leaving that night, but not even sending a letter to Collins to explain? Leaving her in the dark and hurting all those years and then expecting her to welcome him back with open arms? Was he crazy? Collins was right to be upset, angry, hurt, etc. She was right to resist when he wanted her back and wanted to move forward. I admire her willpower because Grady was persistent. I loved Collins in this book, she was strong and protected her heart, and I admired her for that. Sure, she loved Grady, but she was afraid and hesitant to let him back into her life, who wouldn't be after what he had done to her? Her character was definitely my favorite of the two. She let things progress at the pace she definitely wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened. There's a lot of tension in this book, and I enjoyed watching the two reconnect as Collins began to forgive Grady. I just wish Grady hadn't come across as so whiny and had shown a bit more understanding. He kept saying he understood, but sometimes he was a bit too pushy for me, and then he was sweet towards the end. I liked him as much as Collins by the end, but at the beginning of the book, I had trouble reading his perspectives because I couldn't connect with his character. The first part of this book wasn't my favorite, but the second part? I loved it, hence my rating. If you like second chance and brother's best friend romances, you might really enjoy this book. I just had trouble with Grady at first and how he handled some things.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City emerged victorious in the President's Cup as they defeated Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The FAI Cup winners overcame last season's champions at Brandywell thanks to goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy in the first half. The Hoops pushed for a comeback goal in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team stood firm and won the opening game. Derry travels to St. Patrick's Athletic for their league opener next Friday. Patching's low volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder opened the scoring when Derry won 2-1 against the eventual champions last February.
There was particular discontent that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and assistant to Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP Charlotte Nichols for Warrington North, was not placed on the longlist to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with candidate selection, but added: "I know that it's really important that we have rigorous processes for who can get on the longlist and who can get on the shortlist."
In recent years, certain Hindu hardliners have raided shops selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and driven hand-holding couples out of restaurants and parks, insisting that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have stated that such raids help reassert a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say his government has pushed a Hindu agenda and seeks to dominate this religion in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up almost 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion population, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Jains account for the majority of the remainder.
The hatred for literature class is even worse: I enjoy reading. I had already gone through most of the classics eighteen years ago - although that's more a result of living in the deepest countryside. Out of desperation, I even read the Encyclopedia Britannica from 1979.
The nerdy student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his automotive beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win any privilege dispute over the subpoena of Mike Pence.
One day it simply appeared and suddenly it was available everywhere. I have entered the burrata dimension.
So why do people go to so much additional trouble to install Google Maps?
In July 2022, California authorities brought two serious felony charges against Kilcher related to workers' compensation, accusing her of illegally collecting more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher worked on "Yellowstone," although the actress claimed to be too injured to work. Kilcher voluntarily surrendered to authorities and was brought for formal charging in May.
I'll have to see whether Bing or Google is better at translating dirty gay sex puns.
Do you mean by style transfer, Dusan, that there would be something in written language, and on the target side it would be in spoken language or something similar?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth trying. The four steps I outline are up for discussion, with some progress being made in each area:
It's ThinkPad day!! I came home during my lunch break and saw this lying outside *uwu*. I wish I could take it to work to continue setting it up. But that will have to wait until this evening.
Avoid Wi-Fi connection - use Bluetooth! I bought this for my wife in October 2017. At that time, we were in the middle of a move and living in a hotel. I couldn't connect this scale to the Wi-Fi in the hotel. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own Wi-Fi system. March 2018 - I set up my Wi-Fi system and this scale still doesn't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm only 3 meters (10 feet) away from the Wi-Fi router. I followed the YouTube setup video, without success. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the Wi-Fi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a mobile phone! I wouldn't recommend this scale to anyone because of the Wi-Fi connection. Please look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication instead. I'm replacing this with a scale that has a Bluetooth connection.
(PERSON1) and then we'll find out which packages we need to install in the Petri environment.
Wazir explained that these two tombs belong to prominent individuals who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important epochs of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs is T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs of the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with distinctive inscriptions. Wazir added that Djehuty was the overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
In my youth, I was a passionate reader. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great stories.
Casper the #rat is currently a real fine specimen. I think my new job was good for him - two free-roaming periods per day while I work, on a fairly predictable schedule.
Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it well. I know that.
The O'Mara circumstances were "quite extraordinary," said Reeves, but she admitted: "There are important lessons for the Labour Party and all political parties to learn in selecting candidates. But I would also say that we have seen in this Parliament the constant undermining of standards in politics, not least through a series of prime ministers, penalties, parties, and standards falling far short of what one would expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people act wrongly, they lose their parliamentary group membership. And that's simply not the case with the Conservative Party."
(PERSON6) This is an important matter that we should have encountered months ago. Remember that I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And every time, all of you... It's not just you personally, [PERSON8]; there were of course other things too. But every time you thought about it, you thought: "This will be easy, we'll just let it run through." And only when you actually do it do you see all the problems. This is known, this is common. It's always like this. So this is a message for everyone: Before you try it, you never know what the problem will be. For example, with the call I had where someone interviewed me, they wanted to record the video. Zoom had never worked as badly for me as it did today during the recording. So before you do it, you can't say whether it will work or not. And here we encounter the problems of converting file formats. Hopefully, we'll be able to get the numbers quickly. So do you already have any word error rates?
I've painfully learned that in 2023, local TV station websites are the absolute worst experience on the internet. Popups, automatically playing videos, animations, pop-over windows, and ads everywhere. I know advertising is their source of income, but all this junk seems counterproductive if it drives people away. This is true even now that goatse.cx (a notoriously shocking website) is gone, although it would be a close race to the bottom between goatse and, for example, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me.
I suspect that is indeed an interesting question, whether we can use the restrictions to enforce the gender of the speaker in the translation.
Jami gave him the note when they met on the way, shortly before the dog watch. She was on her way to the wall, he was just coming off duty. He glanced over his shoulder to look after her and to make sure they hadn't been observed. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the sleeping quarters before he pulled out the note and read it in a beam of light falling through the blackout curtains. One word in block letters. He spent a long time staring at it, trying to stay calm:
One of the fans sounded unbalanced right after unpacking. The speed controllers are really unreliable -- if you set them to 100%, the fans switch off, so you have to turn them to 100% and then slowly turn them back until they switch on again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be the standard for most products of this type in this price range. The feet for holding the laptop in an inclined position have broken off a few times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, the fan placement is ideal for laptops that intake air from vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans in the center and offer very little additional airflow for a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
(PERSON2) Yes, when it only has a short context and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, it really commits to something where, for example, after one or two seconds it realizes: "Oh, that was actually a poor translation." So it tries to use a different phrasing to clarify the matter, for instance. I actually really liked that. I like some of the translations. I was truly amazed that while you could see the model made mistakes on the first attempt, it really wanted to make a kind of correction. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I also consider important. If you really demand low latency, then I think slightly lower quality is acceptable if the fluency is good. Because with poor translation quality and poor fluency, the translation is simply pointless in my opinion. But if the lower quality is due to the fact that you get the same information when reading, but the phrasing is simply poor because, for example, it uses more words and makes some corrections, then that's completely fine for a simultaneous translation as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, some examples? I'd like to see them, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the top Salesforce partners, offering excellent Salesforce services tailored to your company's needs. Need assistance? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can help you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to ensure your business thrives in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to be weightlifting without having a real idea of your one-rep max, as that's one of the main ways people track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom without support or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with lots of weights. I do bench presses on my bed. When I try to determine my one-rep max, I might not have enough weights to push my limits, or on the other hand, it could seriously injure or even kill me. In any case, I'm increasing the weight today. Still feels good.
Curious and unbiased, I wanted to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my iPhone test device (my main device is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
The UPS Store near me won't allow me to label the package myself or write on the box. They are required to print the label.
Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.
The incident follows an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to Britain by boat. Police arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool erupted into violence. The Merseyside Police Department said that a police officer and two civilians suffered minor injuries during the unrest on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police said some demonstrators had thrown objects and set fire to a police vehicle. The arrested persons, aged 13 to 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder". Merseyside Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were a few injuries among police officers."