I swear, Burrata didn't exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be that the tools are simply so wide-ranging and vague that my brain is blocked due to 'too many options'.
For Interspeech, we could also divide it paper by paper. So that some papers would go into the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submitted papers would later go into the PBML proceedings. And the authors could freely choose. So we need to negotiate this either with SIGDial or Interspeech. Whether it's okay for them to have some of our papers, provided these papers are submitted by the March deadline. So there is an absolutely strict requirement. And I think they can't object to that. Because if the paper is worth publishing. It's just a bonus that the paper has a shared task result that appears in the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't need to ask for a special session. At Interspeech it's called a special session, we don't want that. At Interspeech we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people. If you manage to finish your paper by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you'll have it at Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it for the Interspeech deadline, here's our deadline. And that's for PBML.
My neighbor and I arrived home at the same time, and I could hear him coughing and spitting out COVID phlegm from across the street. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me to chat. I swear, COVID-infected people are like zombies trying to infect everyone else.
Yes, well, I mean, I just did the same thing.
This would be mainly for surfing the internet, occasional emails, and some games.
Okay, so just a question for me to make sure: In the concatenation settings, you insert the sentence separation token, right? Do you have a special token to distinguish what is the source and what is the context or the other sentence, or do you simply concatenate them without anything and hope that the system learns it?
According to a Bloomberg report on Friday, Donald Trump's heavily mortgaged skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender watch" due to collapsing revenues and rising costs. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly report on the remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Meanwhile, expenses have increased by 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and which was valued at $540 million in 2015.
I really liked the ring - but I couldn't wear it constantly! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I'm giving 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is because I realized I couldn't wear it constantly. I like to wear my rings all the time, which is why I always make sure to buy Sterling Silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even while washing hands - and didn't notice any discoloration. Interestingly, the problem I had was that the inside of the ring actually made my finger white and moist - similar to a bandage when worn for a long time. This happened even when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and have never experienced it with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( It's a shame because I really liked it a lot! So if you want to buy this ring to wear occasionally, I say: Do it!! You won't be disappointed!
I don't know if you caught it when we were talking about [PERSON1], but on the one hand the (hit) is better, on the other hand the lemmata are actually manually correctly inflected, but that's not a problem, that's actually good. I thought it could maybe... But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try to do some kind of style transfer with the models. As you know, we can use a constraint and instead try to use a synonymous constraint and see or compare how big the difference is between the outputs. But I'm only describing this vaguely because I don't have a clear idea myself of how to do it, but it could be an interesting, independent scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know of any style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have something like that?
I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that some people have come to me privately and said: "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to grant you this amount of money."
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka their home, and just over 700 lived in the central city district. Ullern, Vestre Aker and Nordstrand formed the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, significantly more immigrants lived in these districts than in the center of Oslo and in Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries as well as from the United Kingdom mostly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo and St. Hanshaugen. While many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner and Søndre Nordstrand.
On the day of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, which destroyed the World Trade Center and killed 3,000 people, Trump boasted in a TV interview that 40 Wall Street had suddenly become the tallest building in the city. His claim was not only insensitive but also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year prison sentence, said the shadow chancellor. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key figures in the local party had resigned in protest over how the Labour party's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the parliamentary selection process for the next general election.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism which influence the actual content of science are compatible with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
On the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said: "Long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear-ishly unfortunate bear after it was trapped in a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the agency, the bear had taken refuge in a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. However, as the snow began to melt, the culvert filled up and the bear became stuck in deep snow and ice, the agency said. Department staff responded quickly and helped free the bear. The agency's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but groggy - obviously because it had been woken from hibernation," the Facebook post states. The agency then relocated the bear to a state wildlife management area so it could continue its hibernation. The sleepy carnivore was estimated to be 6 years old and between 170 and 180 kilograms.
I liked Collins very much... It took a while before I became friends with Grady.
Yes, because his exams are generally quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today, or is that it until the new year?
The experience of having to follow directions was far better with Apple Maps than with Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
So [PERSON2], is that understandable?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher had her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she played Pocahontas. Her appearances also include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." Most recently, she was seen in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but not the last) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored more than 20 runs and took more than 2 wickets in the same T20I. She joins a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this all-round performance in this format.
My case: I extract the functionality of my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but could not slow the growing momentum for German reunification. "The entire peaceful process of establishing German unity was precisely a special achievement of his," the Left party wrote on Twitter. "This will remain his political legacy." During his 16 years as communist party leader in Dresden, beginning in 1973, Modrow built a reputation as an anti-establishment figure. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
I don't remember, so I don't remember exactly, but it's like - when I started these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was linking the paraphrase and the source, and maybe I, I don't remember now, I can check by the next meeting, if I also tried, when the sources are first, then a separator and the paraphrase second. I might have also tried to mix the two things randomly, yes, and I just remember that it made plenty of this penetration and tried multi-encoder.
He and Johnny Depp are fantastic actors. As for his portrayal of Churchill
So it was Epic that started it? We can continue.
A pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Friday around 1:30 PM on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the accident. The police are asking witnesses or people with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our investigations are ongoing and we ask anyone who was in the area and witnessed the accident to contact us." I would also like to ask all drivers in the area who may have dashcam footage that could assist our investigation to contact us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, February 10, 2023."
I'm sorry, excuse me? My friend recommended the mask from this line, so I bought this, this conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't speak to the effectiveness of the product because the smell was simply unbearable. You know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' restrooms to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but it just ends up as this sour, chemical, somewhat musty grandma smell? Yes, that's all I can think of when I smell this. You know, different people, different tastes, so you might like the smell. My friend said it could help even the most damaged hair, so if you don't care about the scent, then no problem. I know that natural products don't smell as nice as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines care less about it since it will sell anyway, and now everything just smells like play dough. I've lost a few favorite lines because they changed the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a counterfeit (which I called Davines about and they said it wasn't), but this smells like Y U C K and I had to return it.
The news that special counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Team Trump use the courts to obstruct this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena on grounds of executive privilege should fail. First, there's the fundamental question of whether a former president can even invoke this privilege. Remember that Trump tried and failed to prevent the January 6 committee from obtaining White House records.
Could it be that Google Search is integrated into Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and CSIC, which has been active since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research findings on the tombs, which are located in the area of Dra Abu al-Naga on the west bank of Luxor. They managed to uncover many tombs, sarcophagi, mummies, and a funerary garden.
Humanity appears in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working in the games industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community develop around the user-generated content of the game? (I really hope so.) The game's story, the ideas and questions it raises, feel timely. I hope everything goes well.
Porro experienced an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Image: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was hard to follow because it was very erratic. Moreover, the title doesn't fit the story. The author hinted that several people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was confused at times and had to flip back and reread a lot to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
For the upcoming meetings, I asked about the demand because I saw the demo of the (meme) project. They do offline subtitling. That's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their task in translation is shortening, simply because the data is shortened. This is because their target size is the subtitles created for the hearing impaired. So there's a natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could also find such data where natural shortening occurs. We would incorporate it into the architecture.
Trump's prized 40 Wall Street building reportedly under "lender watch" due to declining revenues
With a new #FFXIV raid tier in sight, I've been thinking for a long time: "Man, I'd love to try real raiding, but the Party Finder sounds like chaos, and I'll never find a static group that will take me."
But after decades of reading almost nothing (with the exception of functional work-related non-fiction and occasional self-help books), I have set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
I tried, I estimate two tokens and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token itself could also be tokenized, so I replaced it with another token that is not only intended for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary didn't contain delimiter tokens. So I used a token that I assumed wouldn't be tokenized into multiple parts and would thus appear only once. I had no guarantee that this token couldn't appear elsewhere in the sentence and that it could only appear in this place. So it could have been done more neatly, yes, I agree with that.
Ripped off by Vision Supplies
This is for Wikipedia's component library (OOUI). It mainly consists of semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which offer connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce pesticide use while finding ways to address problems caused by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn crops.
Confusing plot
It has a slimmer shape that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp corners to get caught on, and with the power cord as a fixed component, it is far less susceptible to damage than the original XB1 controller. The disadvantages are: 1) The vibration effect triggered in action games feels much weaker. 2) The directional joystick and buttons of the controller wear out very quickly. We treat them quite roughly and tend to go through 2-3 controllers per year. Since we have to invest in controllers annually, we need to be selective and careful with our purchases. The controller could use more durable springs; after a few months, the most frequently used buttons stop responding, and the right joystick loses its centering, meaning map screens zoom in and characters move forward without even touching the controls.
Very beautiful guitar. Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't even try to get one that isn't damaged. We returned 2 because they were damaged during shipping, and the 3rd was also damaged. We gave up. They ship them in the soft, thin case with a sheet of brown paper in a cardboard box. No padding at all.
There was remote work even before 2020. There will continue to be jobs that can be done remotely in the foreseeable future.
One of the girls said: "That's what you get." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he was angry and wanted everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of fatherization. Joel uses his skills and ability to perform (extreme) acts of violence to fulfill a task that is coded as "caring."
I often wonder about the human capacity to be *so* dejected while being flooded with so much evidence of what real cruelty looks like.
We hope Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42. If they have one, they haven't fully communicated it.
"You don't hear that very often: 'I'm just dropping him off in Glasgow'," said the man at the counter.
Cool concept! It just needs a few more improvements to turn it into a truly brilliant product.
Currently, we use a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we do not observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install the MO there, and observe how it gets detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
It turned out that it assumed the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3, which has additional methods appended at the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport that I implemented.
(PERSON1) I could think about it. I'm not really familiar with Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Minnesota biologists rescue trapped black bear
As she further explained, there is method in a strategy that most people within the Beltway would consider madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we don't sugarcoat like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We might sometimes be embarrassed and disclose things that we - and others - could easily conceal, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This may be the most important reason for Biden to take the path of radical accountability: In every presidency, there inevitably arise moments when it is crucial to have the trust of the public and the institutions that protect civic interest. Furthermore, there is important capital to be gained by admitting our mistakes, and Biden can draw an important distinction from his political opponents. The President would do well to follow the old adage: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, okay. Ignore me, okay. It hurts, but you have to do what you think is right.
Yes, because I think it's a method that is very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to the two encoders, and I would expect it to be sometimes better and sometimes worse than the setup with two encoders, depending on the exact task, such as what exactly the second element is that you're encoding. So, maybe if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it's somewhat confusing for the attention or something, I don't know. The behavior could also be different with the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to Transformer, so with RNN it might have behaved differently, with Transformer it's, yes, more difficult to train, so you might need to increase the number of warm-ups, warm-up sets.
I need to send an email to some random address with unformatted data so that the clerk can read the email and enter the data into their system to print a label.
Your case:
I can only say good things about this gift bag assortment. I was able to wrap all my Christmas gifts with the bags, wrapping paper, and tissue paper. The product is of excellent quality and the various size options make it easier to find the perfect choice for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely lovely and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to ensure I was satisfied with my product. 5 stars all around!
No, I haven't worked on it. [PERSON1] said that we will do it together once she receives the transcript.
I quite like akkoma, the software and the domain name I got for my instance. But somehow I feel like I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I never really felt comfortable there. I'll stay here for a while longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
So anyway, since it applies here, I had to extend my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods in order to fix it, so that the call to the new method was valid.
Intersexuality is even recognized by TERFs and similar groups, as it is generally more physical and therefore visible. Similar to how mental health is often seen as less "real" than physical health by many, I feel that being trans is merely an intersexuality of the mind.
Biden Justice Department 'doesn't want an armed citizenry'
Yes, so for multilingual English. We're now combining that with [PERSON14] into a single technical solution. The current idea [PERSON14] is working on is that he will create new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So these will really be sentences with multiple speakers, and this could also improve robustness to the various accents of these speakers. Ah, that's a particle experiment. And later we might do more on the multi-accent thing. So these new sentences will try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible number of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the pure text language model by adding the sound part, so that the language model for ASR gets better and the robustness to different speakers also improves. And in a talk yesterday I heard another idea. During training, they left out time and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and that also significantly improved the robustness of the system.
Your case: (By the way, I've tried almost every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I won't accept any comments on the ethics of killing mice.)
And I believe only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, as if the translation were incorrect. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong, and that part must be <unintelligible/>, but those were only one or two cases.
This is important. Please write this here in the documenter, this <unintelligible/> summary, because it's for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you speak with [PERSON10], now and possibly [PERSON5] as well. When we have this tool, we'll need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple workers <unintelligible/>. We'll need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example depending on <other noise/>. And also to this speech recognition worker, and then we'll need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that will observe the text outputs and also follow the timestamps and it would produce the - it would probably produce the output in three separate language channels by using either silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs so that the ASR is silent when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the correct language. I just came up with this kind of setup. Another possibility would be that the same audio is sent to ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially a part of the ASR that mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which type of speech recognition integration is best for our purposes. So please keep thinking about what our pipelines look like. Ideally, I think that the least administrative confusion and so on would arise if our MT models were multilingual. If they supported various source languages and would translate from each of these languages into English. Possibly just create a copy if English was given as input, so that we would have multilingual multiple ASRs at the beginning. All go into English, and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, the speech recognition wouldn't even be necessary anymore.
Well, one of them was for me yesterday.
It is fake news, CBN refutes claim that there is a lack of capacity to print more new Naira notes
The piano is a great start! It uncovers your child's artistic talent and musical ability. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to become a future pianist, you should try this product! It's really worth the money!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to watch as you set the flyer down on the red ground, but they make no move to approach you. In fact, they remain motionless as you climb out of the flyer and slowly walk towards them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then quake as if it were an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids appear unaffected. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. The Repnids have dug tunnels beneath the surface, and you fall into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. The end comes quickly as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read studies about sex, gender, and psychology, the more simplistic and inaccurate the statement "My biological sex is male, my gender is female" appears to me. It almost seems as if one were ceding part of the argument to TERFs. I have the feeling that being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My biological sex is non-binary, my gender is female.
Antonio Conte has complained about the defense, and this player is currently struggling to defend. He is facing very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing. Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead with Barnes nine minutes from time. Despite the victory against Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the opportunity to move past Newcastle into third place.
I've been toying with this idea for a while:
Do you know an efficient method for a web component to react to being added to or removed from a document?
Alright then. So yes, I will check on the 21st, and otherwise I will send them an email.
Before buying, I asked the seller if the color was too yellow and was told it was like antique gold, darker. Far from it! The set looks VERY cheap. It's super shiny yellow with many cubic zirconias, even shinier. Looks great in the photo, but in reality I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Nevertheless, unimaginable fear, terror, and displacement have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
The battery life is terrible on the one I bought from Amazon. I still can't believe that Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else even comes close in comparison. I absolutely love this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works but there's an elbow crease in the middle of the touchscreen, also thanks to my husband... I bought this as a replacement, and the screen is great, but the battery it came with maybe lasts a few days. My original (the third) holds a charge for weeks, and I use my remote for everything.
Musical prelude
Father says daughter took her own life after bullying at New Jersey school
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO of a large company. It's all clickbait, but it worries me when I think about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP and Progressives want to depopulate society for the benefit of the environment. "You are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
Oh, I see, oh yes, those are the two results, right?
Africans formed the third largest group of immigrants in Oslo, with 28,020 people from Africa living in Oslo. Europeans from countries that are not part of the United Kingdom, the EU or the EEA were the fourth largest group, accounting for 15,566 Oslo residents. From here on, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022 there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while there were slightly over 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently I tried to use them, and unfortunately my Keurig machine gives me an error message every time I try one, saying the pod is not compatible with my machine. I've been using Donut Shop pods in my machine since I bought it and never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee pod, I noticed that the code printed on top of the pod is not very legible, so I can only assume I have a faulty pack. I bought a pack of 72, which is 6 packs of 12 each. I've even tried one from each of the 6 packs and keep getting the same error message. I know it's not my machine as other pods I try work perfectly fine. It's only with this delivery that I'm having this issue. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer service representative who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer support!
As the German text you provided is not a sentence to be translated into English, but rather an explanation in German about the lack of a source sentence, I cannot provide an English translation as requested. The German text itself is explaining that there is no single sentence to translate.
Everything I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls throwing a drink on the teenager, then kicking and dragging her through the school hallways. They pushed Adriana against the red lockers lining the school corridors, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I'm giving it 3 stars for now. I don't want to leave a bad review for the seller unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats a lot. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello themselves, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some larger older drones, and some of my bigger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with, and it actually takes the fun out of flying. For now, I'm assuming it's a manufacturing issue that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I have to give the seller credit for delivery, as it arrived the day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, pro-dictatorial right... therein lies the danger. Deport the white supremacists.
Later in life, Modrow served on the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left parliamentary group. "Well into old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Yes, I believe - wasn't it Dominik who did some experiments with Ivana? I think last year or two years ago for double empty, where they considered the context or concatenated the context with the input sentence and performed a kind of document-wide translation. But the problem with this concatenation is that you're not quite sure if it has the same effect as with our multi-encoder setup.
Great attention is paid to the development of sports infrastructure. A clear proof of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats," says the letter from the Kazakh president. Kazakh athletes compete successfully in major world championships and represent Kazakhstan. They are a role model for the younger generation and inspire youth to great victories, according to Tokayev. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give a new impetus to the development of athletics in the country, and promised increased cooperation with international organizations in this area.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
As much as we may like certain people, if they only offer fascists a second-rate career, they should probably own up to it.
They had the keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
Indian government withdraws call to hug cows on Valentine's Day after criticism.
One of the craziest aspects of my neighbors turning against me is the thought of how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Sure, they lowered corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that encourage more business activity.
And my idea is that a customer clicks this microphone button and starts speaking, and while the user is speaking, you send the audio in small pieces simultaneously. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And it is queued to the HTTP server, which I will process later with (ASR). And the model will perform some logic, some inferences with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will be sent back, and the user should get the partial transcript back. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Yes, yes, it is indeed very important to parallelize everything, to parallelize both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell DF, as he would have to execute this many times, there will be errors, you have to quickly rerun it.
Yes, thank you.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet.
IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts where the most foreigners live
Your case: Echidna with amethyst and magenta colored quills. You are average in height, have an average build and are muscular. Your tail is extremely thick. Your hair is raspberry colored, short and curly. Your eyes are pear colored and you wear scarlet cat-eye glasses. Your most interesting feature is your good deeds.
Experiment a bit with Flutter. To be honest, I'd be reluctant to build my business on Google's technology, but on the other hand, Google is one of the few major players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Abe keeps his worries hidden and laughs easily, while Tom isn't afraid to cry but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before letting you see that she's hurt, and laughs the most when things are upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is the constant companion of life.
I was disappointed when I received this article, as the silver part that runs around the dial seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but rather that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire appearance. I also didn't trust that it would withstand daily use, so I sent it back. I was disappointed because it would have been a good deal if it weren't for that. However, if you can overlook this, it might be right for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I've had enough of conservative parties and governments that present themselves as business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood tears into 44-million-pound new signing Pedro Porro after dismal Tottenham debut
You land the flyer nose-up on the side of the slag heap and get out. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they don't move towards you; in fact, they are motionless as you slowly approach them. You stop while still standing on the pile of crumbled rock and soil, and speak to them: "I come in peace, as a friend." It seems they can't hear you, let alone understand you, as your universal translator doesn't receive any response. You decide to use your psychic perception to contact them mentally. It's difficult to understand their thoughts; they are frighteningly alien and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again and return to your flyer, but the experience has cleared your mind, which had been confused since your jump into the future. Back in Falcon's Wing, you find it quite easy to calculate a course to Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have used up another polybdenum rod when you jump.
I think for the text flow we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work for this.
This evening, a recently graduated artist took some criticism badly. Partly because they were poorly taught. But it's important not to make excuses for problems and simply fix them, especially in production when your supervisor needs changes. Especially considering the competition.
I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I love many of the features of these lamps. Advantages: First, they easily attach to my shelf and bend into many positions, so I can make changes as my plants grow. The lamps are cool to the touch and have not caused any damage even when touching the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lamps. The lamps are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer as I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can see that this feature could be useful in an office environment with houseplants or when on vacation. Disadvantages: I don't think these lamps are strong enough to serve as a primary light source for seedlings. The lamps are small! If the lamps burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
I would like to see how these companies that broker transactions explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about that on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans to plant lettuce at Penn in a 6-row pattern and see how it compares to broadcast-seeded beds.
I literally tried and quit EVERY SINGLE ONE. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my report cards.
Yes, I believe he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we want an A, we'll get an A. You just have to submit it within the second deadline. That's pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that based on trends from previous years, many people don't do this. They find it easier to read for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the exam.
The chopped-up version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function at the end of a vtable.
This morning, IR satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of low-lying stratus and scattered <URL>
The Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov expressed his special thanks to the President of the Asian Athletics Association, Dahlan al-Hamad, for his support in the preparation and implementation of the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time in the CIS territory. The tournament brought together over 500 athletes from 31 countries, who will compete in running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put, and multi-event disciplines. The tournament runs until February 12. Previously, it was reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000m and Olga Safronova won the silver medal in the women's 60m at the tournament.
Not like other Tomb Raider games
Remote work is enabling. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces instead of stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It allows people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and their families.
It's something I've never said before either.
Your case: The dilemma score for the (Europeans?) is not included in the table because the table does not fit into the paper, so <unintelligible/> The coverage is always about 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmata, only-
I had the good fortune to spend six memorable months at Nicholas' side in 2011 and support a range of projects. When we met at the weekend, I was very pleased to hear about the progress that had been made, especially with tree planting and support for farmers. Thousands of trees have been planted and farmers have been able to increase their crop yields through various measures, from support for purchasing equipment to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace-like pattern is stylish and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even after being stuffed into plastic and a box, it was very smooth, which is really cool. It can be easily worn casually or elegantly and has a certain vintage feel due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think this skirt could flatter anyone. I am 1.65 m tall and weigh 59 kg and ordered size S, so I would say if you're between S and M, definitely go for the smaller size.
President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in season opener at Brandywell
Yes, I was just thinking about what types of data we are currently using for that, because if you check the models of [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already quite good at these things -
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with murder in connection with the fatal shooting of two students at a Chicago high school in December, police announced Friday. The suspect is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Chief David Brown announced. "We currently have no clear motive as to why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released Friday due to his age, although Brown said he would be held accountable as an adult for the murder and attempted murder charges.
The figures from the Norwegian Statistics Office showed that foreigners were distributed across all city districts, with Søndre Nordstrand, Oslo's southernmost district, having over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth-highest number of foreigners. After that, Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø and Sagene formed the rest of the ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from another country.
Exactly as described
"Gut feeling" says missing woman is not in the river
But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is not right, so something is wrong - basically, the big deal or something is wrong. So some files still have a strange output. But for most folders, it should already be fine.
You get what you pay for.
It perhaps has too many linguistic subtleties. It needs to be translated into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, neither of which I have any command of.
And that, despite not sleeping as well here for the past two nights as I do at home and being somewhat #MECFS-exhausted due to staying in an unfamiliar environment where I can't organize myself as well and have to remember where everything is located.
The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview released late Friday that it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of the eastern industrial heartland of Donbas in Ukraine. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger territories east of the Dnieper.
And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them because on [ORGANIZATION5] you have such a large amount of videos with different domains and different native languages of the speakers. And I had the idea that we could simply use a tool to basically download filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and create a training dataset from that.
I'm now on book no. 31 and it's only May.
Thank you to those who have downloaded the latest update for Leasey. Some very minor difficulties have occurred. Nothing that would set off alarm bells, but they will be addressed nonetheless. A small update will be created next week to correct them. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and all who needed this assistance should have received it by now. Have a nice day!
Now I understand that in practice IDirectXObject2 is typically a true superset of IDirectXObject, without changed function signatures and only with new methods added at the end. But this is not universally true; for these cases, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.
Photos: After restoration work, Egypt inaugurates the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
Kazakh rescue forces continue to dig through the rubble in search of survivors in Turkey. The work of the rescue forces is hindered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team has recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including a child, in Turkey. First aid is also provided around the clock. As is known, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.7 shook parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria early Monday. To date, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has exceeded 20,000.
In our daily lives, we constantly search for ways to increase our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our professions. This can be extremely difficult for those in healthcare, which is why I asked the same question to 30 health and wellness experts: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burning out in your profession?" Their careers range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep going. Despite the major differences in their roles, there were several themes in their responses that stood out as ways to prevent burnout.
Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the autumn as the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives to recapture large swathes of land in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could last, stating that the so-called "special military operation" will continue until its objectives are achieved. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which form the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
My case: I had bleached all my hair and then covered it with a black hair dye from the drugstore a few months ago. Then I had highlights done all over my head. A few weeks later, I dyed my hair with blue-green Arctic Fox hair color that wouldn't wash out. I used this product with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened my hair ENORMOUSLY, removed the green and blue spots, and also lifted the dark drugstore color. However, after a day I noticed a greenish sheen in my hair. It's getting worse every day and I've now used the color remover twice, with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the drugstore color was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
A person was arrested during a protest outside Tate Britain where a drag queen storytelling event for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police said one person was arrested on suspicion of making a racially aggravated comment towards a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported, and officers remain at the scene, according to the police.
Great backpack, but an excessive number of straps
East Germany's last communist leader dies at 95
I cannot fully translate this long text into English, as you have explicitly requested not to provide any additional explanations or text besides the translation. A complete translation would exceed the scope of this response. If you would like a translation for a shorter sentence or section, please let me know.
Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been there and made the same mistakes. Good criticism is there to quickly correct the problem and is not directed against your abilities. It assumes that you have the ability to fix the problem or find a solution.
Your case: (PERSON2) <unintelligible/> that you like can improve your comfort value by simply appending phrase-based output, and the attention is like double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.
And so it came to pass that I had to put together a raid plan.
We are all such chaotic beings.
Your case: 3 1/2 stars Remedy is both a brother's friend romance and a second chance romance in one. It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do everything to win Collins back and prove that he's the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she would finally get everything she had dreamed of, her brother's best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him again, things definitely changed. Now Grady is back, and he's not leaving, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left and that he's not giving up on her this time. While I loved the premise of this story and Grady at times, he really got on my nerves. I completely understand his reasons for leaving that night, but not even sending a letter to Collins to explain? Leaving her in the dark and hurt all those years and then expecting her to welcome him back with open arms? Was he delusional?! Collins was right to be upset, angry, hurt, etc. She was right to resist when he wanted her back and wanted to move forward. I admire her willpower because Grady was persistent. I loved Collins in this book, she was strong and protected her heart, and I admired her for that. Sure, she loved Grady, but she was scared and hesitant to let him back into her life, who wouldn't be after what he did to her? Her character was definitely my favorite of the two. She definitely let things progress at the pace she wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened. There's a lot of angst in this book, and I enjoyed seeing these two find their way back to each other as Collins began to forgive Grady. I just wish Grady hadn't come across as so whiny and had shown a little more understanding. He kept saying he understood, but sometimes he was a bit too pushy for me, and then he was sweet towards the end. By the end, I loved him just as much as Collins, but at the beginning of the book, I had trouble reading his perspectives because I couldn't connect with his character. The first part of this book wasn't my favorite, but the second part? I loved it, hence my rating. If you like second chance and brother's friend romances, you might really enjoy this book, I just had trouble with Grady at first and how he handled some of the things he did.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City emerged victorious in the President's Cup as they won 2-0 against Shamrock Rovers. The FAI Cup winners defeated last season's champions at the Brandywell thanks to first-half goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy. The Hoops pushed for a comeback goal in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team stood firm and won the opening game. Derry travel to St. Patrick's Athletic for their league opener next Friday. Patching's side-footed volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder opened the scoring when the Foylesiders won 2-1 against the eventual champions last February.
There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and assistant to Charlotte Nichols, the Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP for Warrington North, was not placed on the longlist to try to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have rigorous processes for who can get on the longlist and who can get on the shortlist."
In recent years, certain Hindu hardliners have raided shops selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and chased away hand-holding couples from restaurants and parks, insisting that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have stated that such raids help affirm a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say his government has advanced a Hindu agenda and seeks to establish the religion's dominance in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up nearly 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Jains account for most of the rest.
Literature class hatred is even worse: I love reading. I had read most of the classics before eighteen - although that's more a result of living in no man's land, I also read the 1979 Encyclopedia Britannica out of desperation.
Your case: The eccentric student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his exotic beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win any privilege dispute over the subpoena of Mike Pence.
It simply appeared one day and suddenly it was available everywhere. I've entered the burrata dimension.
So why do people go to the extra trouble of installing Google Maps?
In July 2022, California authorities charged Kilcher with two felony counts of workers' compensation fraud, accusing her of illegally collecting more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher worked on "Yellowstone," although the actress claimed to be too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was charged in May.
I will have to see whether Bing or Google is better at translating dirty gay sex puns.
Do you mean by style transfer, Dusan, that there would be something that exists in written language, and the target side would then be in spoken language or something similar?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I outline are debatable, with some progress in each:
It's ThinkPad day!! Came home during my lunch break and saw this standing outside uwu. I wish I could take it to work to continue setting it up. But that will have to wait until this evening.
Avoid Wi-Fi connection - use Bluetooth! I bought this for my wife in October 2017. At that time, we were in the middle of moving and living in a hotel. I couldn't connect this scale to the Wi-Fi in the hotel. I decided to wait until we had moved into our house and I could set up my own Wi-Fi system. March 2018 - I set up my Wi-Fi system and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm only 3 meters away from the Wi-Fi device. I followed the YouTube setup video without success. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the Wi-Fi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a mobile phone! I wouldn't recommend this scale to anyone because of the Wi-Fi connection. Instead, please look for systems that use Bluetooth for communication. I'm replacing this with a scale that has a Bluetooth connection.
and then we will find out which packages we need to install in the Petri environment.
Wazir explained that these two tombs belong to prominent individuals who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important epochs of ancient Egypt. He said that the tombs are T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs of the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with distinctive inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
I was an insatiable reader in my youth. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great stories.
Casper, the #rat, is an absolute specimen these days. I think my new job is good for him - two free-roaming times a day, while I work, at fairly predictable times.
Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it well. I know that.
The O'Mara circumstances were "quite extraordinary," said Reeves, but she admitted: "There are important lessons that the Labour Party and all political parties need to learn when selecting candidates. But I would also say that in this Parliament we have seen the constant undermining of standards in politics, not least through a series of prime ministers and penalties and parties and standards that fall far short of what one would expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do something wrong, they lose the whip. And that's simply not the case with the Conservative Party."
This is an important matter that we should have stumbled upon months ago. Remember that I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And every time, all of you... It's not just you personally, [PERSON8]. There were of course other things too. But every time you thought about it, you thought: "This will be easy, we'll just do it". And only when you actually do it, you see all the problems. This is well-known and common. It's always like that. So this is a message to everyone. Before you try, you never know what the problem will be. For example, with the call I had where someone was interviewing me, they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked as poorly for me as it did today for the recording. Before you do it, you can't say whether it will work or not. And here we're encountering the problems of converting file formats. Hopefully, we'll be able to get the numbers quickly. So, do you have any word error rates so far?
Learned the hard way that in 2023, local TV station websites provide the absolute worst experience on the internet. Pop-ups, auto-playing videos, animations, overlays, and ads, ads, ads. I know advertising is their revenue source, but all this junk seems counterproductive if it drives people away. This is true even now that goatse.cx is gone, although it would be a close race to the bottom between goatse and, for example, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me.
I think it's actually an interesting question whether we can use the constraints to force this kind of speaker gender in the translation.
Jami slipped him the note as they passed each other on the way, just before the dog watch. She was heading to the wall, he was just coming off duty. He glanced behind to watch her go and to make sure they hadn't been observed. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the sleeping quarters before pulling out the note and reading it in a beam of light that fell through the blackout curtains. One word written in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to stay calm:
Your case: One of the fans sounded unbalanced right out of the package. The speed controllers are really unpredictable -- if you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to turn them to 100% and then slowly turn them back until they start up again. The build quality is mediocre, but this seems to be common for most of these types of products in this price range. The feet for holding the laptop in an inclined position have broken off a few times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, this has an ideal fan placement for laptops that draw air through vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans in the center and provide very little additional airflow for a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Yes, if it only has a short context and because I make decisions based on very short context for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that it recognizes as a poor translation after a second or two, for example. So it tries to use a different wording. To clarify the matter, for instance. So I really liked it. I like some of the translations. I was really amazed that although you could see the model making mistakes on the first try, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I also consider important. If you really demand low latency, then I think slightly lower quality is okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have poor translation quality and poor fluency, then I think the translation is simply pointless. But if the lower quality is due to the translation, when you read everything, you get the same information, but the wording is just poor because it uses more words and has made some corrections and so on. I think that's perfectly fine for simultaneous translations as long as you don't lose information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, some examples? Because I'd like to see them, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering customized Salesforce services for your company's needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Learn how a Salesforce partner can help you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to ensure your business is successful in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to do weightlifting but not really have any idea what your one-rep max is, because that's one of the main methods people use to track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom without a spotter or even a rack. Just me and a barbell with lots of weights. I do bench presses on my bed. If I try to find out my one-rep max, I might not have enough weights to push my limits, or on the contrary, it could seriously injure or kill me. Anyway, the weight is being increased today. Still feels good.
Curious, I kept an open mind to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my test iPhone device (my daily device is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
The UPS Store near me doesn't allow me to write a label or write on the box. They have to print the label.
Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.
The incident occurs after an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to Britain by boat. Police have arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool turned violent. The Merseyside Police said that a police officer and two civilians suffered minor injuries during the unrest on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police stated that some demonstrators had thrown objects and set fire to a police vehicle. The arrested individuals, aged 13 to 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder." Merseyside Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were a few injuries among police officers."