I swear, Burrata didn't exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be that the tools are simply so wide-ranging and vague that my brain is blocked due to 'too many options'.
For Interspeech, we could also divide it paper by paper. So that some papers would be included in the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submitted papers would later come for the PBML proceedings. And the authors could choose freely. So we need to negotiate this either with SIGDial or Interspeech. Whether it's okay for them to have some of our papers, provided these papers are submitted by the March deadline. So there is an absolutely strict requirement. And I think they can't object to that. Because if the paper is worth publishing. It's just a bonus that the paper contains a shared task result that appears in the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't need to ask for a special session. At Interspeech it's called a special session, we don't want that. At Interspeech we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people. If you manage to finish your paper by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you will have it within Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it for the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that's for PBML.
My neighbor and I arrived home at the same time, and I could hear him coughing and hacking up Covid phlegm from across the street. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me to chat. I swear, Covid-infected people are like zombies trying to infect everyone else.
Yes, well, I mean, I just did the same thing.
This would be mainly for web browsing, occasional emails and some games.
Okay, so just a question for me to make sure: In the concatenation settings, you insert the sentence separation token, right? Do you have a special token to distinguish what is the source and what is the context or the other sentence, or do you simply concatenate them without anything? And hope that the system learns it?
According to a Bloomberg report on Friday, Donald Trump's heavily burdened skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender watchlist" due to sharply declining revenues and rising costs. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly report on the remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Meanwhile, expenses have increased by 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and which was valued at $540 million in 2015.
I liked the ring very much - but couldn't wear it constantly! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I'm giving only 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is that I realized I couldn't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings constantly, which is why I always make sure to buy Sterling Silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even when washing hands - and noticed no tarnishing. Interestingly, the problem I had was that the inside of the ring actually made my finger white and damp - similar to a band-aid when worn for a long time. This happened even when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and have never experienced it with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really liked it a lot! So if you buy this ring with the intention of wearing it only occasionally, I say: Do it!! You won't be disappointed!
Yes, well, I don't know if you noticed when we were talking about [PERSON1], but on the one hand the (blow) is better, on the other hand the lemmata are actually manually inflected correctly, but that's not a problem, it's actually good that it's like that. I thought there might be something. But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try to do some kind of style transfer with the models. As you know, we can use a constraint and instead try to use a synonymous constraint and see or compare how big the difference is between the outputs. But I'm just describing this vaguely because I don't have a clear idea myself of how to do it, but it could be an interesting scenario of its own. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know of any style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have something like that?
I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people came to me privately and said: "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to grant you this amount of money".
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka their home, and just over 700 lived in the central city district. Ullern, Vestre Aker and Nordstrand formed the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, significantly more immigrants lived in these districts than in the center of Oslo and in Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries as well as from the United Kingdom mainly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo and St. Hanshaugen. While many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner and Søndre Nordstrand.
On the day of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, which destroyed the World Trade Center and killed 3,000 people, Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street had suddenly become the tallest building in the city. His claim was not only insensitive but also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year prison sentence, said the shadow chancellor. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key local party figures had resigned in protest at the way Labour's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the parliamentary selection process for the next general election.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories about the influence of capitalism on the actual content of science are compatible with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
On the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said "long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear-ishly unfortunate bear after it was trapped in a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the agency, the bear had settled in a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. However, as the snow began to melt, the culvert started to flood, and the bear became trapped in deep snow and ice, the agency said. Agency staff responded quickly and helped free the bear. The agency's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but groggy - obviously because it had been awakened from hibernation," according to the Facebook post. The agency then relocated the bear to a state wildlife management area so it could continue its hibernation. The sleepy carnivore was estimated to be 6 years old and between 375 and 400 pounds.
I liked Collins a lot... It took a while for me to get used to Grady.
Yes, because in general his exams are quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today, or was that it until the new year?
The experience of having to follow instructions was significantly better with Apple Maps than with Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
So [PERSON2], does that make sense?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher had her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she portrayed Pocahontas. Her other roles include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." Most recently, she was seen in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but not the last) that Kaveesha Dilhari both scored more than 20 runs and took more than 2 wickets in the same T20I. She joins a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this all-round performance in this format.
Me while extracting functionality from my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over the leadership of the GDR shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but could not slow down the growing momentum towards German reunification. "The entire peaceful course of establishing German unity was particularly his achievement," the Left Party wrote on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy." During his 16-year tenure as head of the communist party in Dresden, which began in 1973, Modrow earned a reputation as an anti-establishment figure. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
I don't remember exactly, but it was something like this - when I started these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was concatenating the paraphrase and the source, and maybe, I don't remember now, I can check it by the next meeting, whether I also tried putting the sources first, then a separator and the paraphrase second. I might have also tried randomly mixing the two things, yes, and I only remember that it did this compenetration stuff extensively and tried multi-encoder.
He and Johnny Depp are amazing actors. Regarding his portrayal of Churchill
So it was Epic that started it? We can continue.
A pedestrian has died after a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy following the accident on Friday around 1:30 PM on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the accident. The police are asking witnesses or people with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our investigations are ongoing and we ask anyone who was in the area and witnessed the accident to contact us." I would also like to ask all drivers in the area who may have dashcam footage that could support our investigation to contact us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, February 10, 2023."
I'm sorry, what? My friend recommended the mask from this line to me, so I bought this, the conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't say anything about the product's effectiveness because the smell was simply unbearable. You know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' restrooms to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but it just ends up as this sour, chemical, somehow musty grandma smell? Yes, that's all I can think of when I smell this. You know, different people, different tastes, so you might like the smell. My friend said it could nourish even the most damaged hair, so if you don't care about the scent, then no problem. I know that natural products don't smell as pretty as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines care less about it since it will sell anyway, and now everything just smells like play dough. I've lost a few favorite lines because they changed the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (which I called Davines about and they said it wasn't), but this smells D I S G U S T I N G and I had to return it.
The news that special counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Team Trump use the courts to obstruct this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena on grounds of executive privilege should fail. First, there's the fundamental question of whether a former president can even assert the privilege. Remember that Trump tried and failed to prevent the January 6 committee from obtaining White House records.
Could it be that Google Search is integrated into Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after completion of restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and CSIC, which has been active since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs, which are located in the area of Dra Abu al-Naga on the west bank of Luxor. They succeeded in uncovering many tombs, sarcophagi, mummies, and a burial garden.
Humanity appears in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working in the game industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community develop around the user-generated content of the game? (I really hope so.) The game's story, the ideas and questions it raises, feel timely. I hope everything goes well.
Porro experienced an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Image: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was difficult to follow as it jumped back and forth a lot. Additionally, the title doesn't fit the story. The author hinted that several people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. At times I was confused and had to flip back and reread a lot to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
For the upcoming meetings, I asked about the demand because I saw the demo of the (meme) project. They do offline subtitling. That's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their task in translation is shortening, simply because the data becomes shorter. This is because their target size is the subtitles created for the hearing impaired. So there's a natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could find such kind of data where natural shortening occurs. We would incorporate it into the architecture.
Trump's prized 40 Wall Street building reportedly under "lender watch" due to declining revenue
As a new #FFXIV raid tier approaches, I've been thinking for a long time: "Man, I'd love to really raid, but Party Finder sounds like chaos, and I'll never find a static group that will take me."
But after decades of reading almost nothing (except for functional work-related non-fiction and occasional self-help books), I have set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
I tried, I think two tokens and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token itself could also be tokenized, so I replaced it with another token that is not just for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain delimiter tokens. So I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and thus would appear only once. I had no guarantee that this token could not appear elsewhere in the sentence and that it could only appear in this place. So it could have been done more properly, yes, I agree with that.
Ripped off by Vision Supplies
This is for the component library of Wikipedia (OOUI). It is mostly semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which provide connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce pesticide use while finding ways to address problems caused by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn crops.
Confusing plot
It has a slimmer design that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp corners to get caught on, and with the power cable as a fixed component, it is far less susceptible to damage than the original XB1 controller. The disadvantages are: 1) The vibration effect triggered in action games feels much weaker. 2) The directional joystick and buttons of the controller wear out very quickly. We are very rough and tend to wear out 2-3 controllers per year. Since we have to invest in controllers annually, we need to be selective and careful with our purchases. The controller could use more durable springs; after a few months, the most used buttons no longer respond and the right joystick loses its centering, meaning map screens zoom in and characters move forward without even touching the controls.
Very beautiful guitar. Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't even try to get an undamaged one. We sent back 2 due to transport damage, and the 3rd was also damaged. We gave up. They ship them in the soft, thin case with a sheet of packing paper in a cardboard box. No padding whatsoever.
Remote work existed before 2020. There will continue to be jobs that can be done remotely in the foreseeable future.
One of the girls said: "That's what you get." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he was angry and wanted everyone to see the video and what the teenagers had done to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of paternalization. Joel uses his skills and ability to perform (extreme) acts of violence to fulfill a task that is coded as "caring."
I often wonder about the human ability to be *so* self-critical while being inundated with so much evidence of what real cruelty looks like.
"We hope Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42; if they have one, they haven't fully communicated it"
"That's not something you hear often: 'I'm just dropping him off in Glasgow'," said the man at the ticket counter.
Cool concept! It just needs a few improvements to make it a truly great product.
Currently, we are using a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we do not observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install the MO there, and observe how it becomes detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
It turned out that it assumed that the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3, which had additional methods appended at the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport that I had implemented.
I could think about it. I don't really know Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Minnesota biologists rescue trapped black bear
As she further explained, there's a method to a strategy that most people inside the Beltway would consider madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we don't sugarcoat like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We might sometimes be embarrassed and disclose things that we - and others - could easily conceal, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This might be the main reason for Biden to take the path of radical accountability: In every presidency, there are inevitably moments when it is crucial to have the trust of the public and the institutions that protect civic interest. Moreover, there is important capital to be gained by owning up to our mistakes, and there is an important distinction Biden can draw with his political opponents. The President would do well to follow the old adage: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, okay. Ignore me, okay. It hurts, but you have to go your own way.
Yes, because I think it's a method that is very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to the two encoders, and I would expect it to sometimes be better and sometimes worse than the setup with two encoders, depending on the exact task, so what exactly the second thing is that you're encoding. So if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it might be somehow confusing for the attention or something, I don't know. The behavior could also be different for the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to Transformer, so for RNN it might have behaved differently, with Transformer it's more difficult to train, so you might need to increase the number of warm-ups, warm-up sets.
I need to send a random address by email with unformatted data so that the clerk can read the email and enter the data into their system to print a label.
Your case:
I can only say good things about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, gift wrap, and tissue paper. The product is of great quality, and the various size options make it easier to choose the perfect one for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely lovely and attentive. They contacted me after my purchase to make sure I was satisfied with my product. 5 stars in every aspect!
No, I haven't worked on it. [PERSON1] said that we will do it together once we receive the transcript.
I quite like akkoma, the software and the domain name I got for my instance. But somehow I feel like I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I never felt comfortable there. I'll stay here a bit longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
So anyway, since it applies here, I had to extend my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods to fix it, so that calling the new method was valid.
Intersex is even recognized by TERFs and the like, as it is generally more physical and thus visible. Similar to how mental health is often seen as less "real" than physical health by many, I feel that being trans is merely intersex of the mind.
The Biden Justice Department 'does not want an armed citizenry'
Yes, so for multilingual English. We are now combining this [PERSON14] into a single technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he will create new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So these will really be sentences with multiple speakers, and this could also improve robustness towards the various accents of these speakers. Ah, that's a particle experiment. And later we might do more on the multi-accent topic. So these new sentences will try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible amount of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the purely text-based language model by adding the sound part, so that the language model for ASR becomes better and the robustness towards different speakers is also improved. And in a talk yesterday, I heard another idea. During training, they left out time and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and this also significantly improved the robustness of the system.
Your case: (For information only, I have tried almost every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I am not particularly happy about killing them, but I will not accept any comments on the ethics of killing mice.)
And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, as if the translation was incorrect. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong, and that part must be <unintelligible>, but those were only one or two cases.
This is important. Please write this here in the documenter, this <unintelligible/> summary, because this is for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you speak with [PERSON10], and possibly also [PERSON5]. If we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple employees <unintelligible/>. We need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example depending on <other noise/>. And also to this speech recognition employee, and then we need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that will monitor the text outputs and also follow the timestamps and would probably output the output into three separate language channels, either through silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs so that the ASR is muted when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the correct language. I just invented this kind of setup. Another setup would be that the same audio is sent to ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially part of the ASR and mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which type of speech recognition integration is best for our purposes. So please keep thinking about what our pipelines look like. Ideally, I think the least administrative confusion and so on would arise if our MT models were multilingual. If they supported various source languages and translated from each of these languages into English. Possibly just create a copy when English was given as input, so that we would have multilingual multiple ASRs at the beginning. All go into English and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, speech recognition wouldn't even be necessary anymore.
Well, one of them was for me yesterday.
It is fake news, CBN rejects claim that it lacks capacity to print more new Naira notes
The piano is a great start! It discovers your child's inner artistic ability and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to become a future pianist, you should try this product! It's really worth the money!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching as you land the flyer on the red ground, but they don't move towards you. In fact, they remain motionless as you climb out of the flyer and slowly approach them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then shake, as if in an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids seem unaffected. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. The Repnids have dug tunnels beneath the surface, and you fall into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. The end comes quickly as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read studies about sex, gender, and psychology, the more simplified and inaccurate the statement "My biological sex is male, my social gender is female" appears to me. It almost seems as if one were ceding part of the argument to TERFs. I feel that being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My biological sex is non-binary, my social gender is female.
Antonio Conte has complained about the defense and this player who is currently struggling to defend. He is up against very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing. Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead through Barnes nine minutes from time. Despite the victory against Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to move past Newcastle into third place.
I've been toying with this idea for a while:
Do you know a performant method for a web component to react when it is added to or removed from a document?
Good, alright. So, yes, I will check on the 21st, and otherwise I will send them an email.
I asked the seller before buying if the color was too yellow, and I was told it was like antique gold, darker. Far from it! The set looks VERY cheap. It is super shiny yellow with many cubic zirconia, even shinier. Looks great in the photo, but in reality I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Nevertheless, unimaginable fear, terror, and displacement have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
The battery life is terrible on the one I bought from Amazon. I still can't believe that Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else even comes close in comparison. I absolutely love this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband kneeled on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works, but there's an elbow mark in the middle of the touchscreen, also thanks to my husband... I bought this as a replacement, and the screen is great, but the battery that came with it holds a charge for maybe a few days. My original (the third one) holds a charge for weeks, and I use my remote for everything.
Musical prelude
Father says daughter took her own life after bullying at NJ school
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO of a large company. It's all clickbait, but it worries me regarding the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP and Progressives want to depopulate society for environmental reasons. "You are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
Oh I see, yes exactly, those are the two results, right?
Africans formed the third largest group of immigrants in Oslo, with 28,020 people from Africa living in Oslo. Europeans from countries not part of the United Kingdom, EU or EEA were the fourth largest group, making up 15,566 of Oslo's residents. From here, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022 there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while there were slightly over 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently, I tried to use them, and unfortunately my Keurig machine gives me an error message every time I try one, saying the capsule is not compatible with my machine. I've been using Donut Shop capsules in my machine since I first bought it and never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee capsule, I noticed that the code printed on top of the capsule is not very legible, so I can only assume I have a bad batch. I bought a pack of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12 each. I've even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and keep getting the same error message. I know it's not my machine because other capsules I try work perfectly. I only have this problem with this delivery. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer service representative who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer support!
The theme for Revelations this week is "Staying awake all night". I've been playing with this little piece in my head for a few days. It's definitely more romance than dirt. Maybe I've read too many romance novels with impossible "meet-cutes" and this is the result, but I like it. Besides, I'll definitely experience the orgasm at an altitude of ten kilometers one day, maybe not with a str
Everything I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls throwing a drink on the teenager, then kicking her and dragging her through the school hallways. They pushed Adriana against red lockers lining the school corridors, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I'm giving it 3 stars for now, I don't want to give a bad review for the seller unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats severely. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello itself, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some larger, older drones, and some of my larger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with, and it actually takes the fun out of flying. For now, I'm assuming it's a manufacturing issue that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I give the seller bonus points for delivery, as it arrived a day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, pro-dictatorial right... that's where the danger lies. Deport the white supremacists.
Later in life, Modrow served on the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and militant socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left parliamentary group. "Until old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Yes, I believe - wasn't it Dominik who did some experiments with Ivana? I think last year or two years ago for double empty, where they considered the context or concatenated the context with the input sentence and performed a kind of document-level translation. But the problem with this concatenation is that you're not quite sure if it has the same effect as in a multi-encoder setup.
"Great importance is placed on the development of sports infrastructure. A clear proof of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats," says the letter from the Kazakh president. Kazakh athletes compete successfully in major world competitions and represent Kazakhstan. They are role models for the younger generation and inspire youth to great victories, Tokayev noted. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give a new impetus to the development of athletics in the country, and promised increased cooperation with international organizations in this field.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
As much as we may like some people, if they only enable fascists to have a second-rate career, they should probably be held accountable for it.
They had keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
Indian government withdraws call to hug cows on Valentine's Day after criticism
One of the craziest things about my neighbors turning against me is the thought of how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Sure, they lowered corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that encourage more business activity.
And my idea is that a customer clicks this microphone button and begins to speak, and while the user is speaking, you send the audio in small segments simultaneously. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And to the HTTP server, you put it in a queue, which I will process later with (ASR). And the model will perform some logic, make some inferences with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will be sent back, and the user should receive the partial transcript. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Yes, yes, it is indeed very important to parallelize everything, both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell DFs, because he would have to do this many times, there will be errors, you have to run it again quickly.
Yes, thank you.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet.
IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts where most foreigners live
Your case: Echidna with amethyst-colored and magenta-colored spines. They are average in size, have an average build and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is raspberry-colored, short and curly. Their eyes are pear-colored and they wear scarlet cat-eye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.
I'm playing around a bit with Flutter. To be honest, I'd be reluctant to build my business on Google technology, but on the other hand, Google is one of the few major players with real incentives to create a convincing cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Abe keeps his worries hidden and laughs easily, while Tom isn't afraid to cry but enjoys crude humor less. Jan will hurt you before letting you see that she's hurt, and laughs the most when things are upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is a constant companion in life.
I was disappointed when I received this article, as the silver part that goes around the dial seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but rather that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire appearance. I also didn't trust that it would withstand daily use, so I returned it. I was disappointed because it would have been a good deal if it hadn't been for that. However, if you can overlook this, it might be right for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I've had enough of conservative parties and governments that portray themselves as business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood tears apart 44-million-pound new signing Pedro Porro after disastrous Tottenham debut
You land the flyer nose-up on the side of the slag heap and disembark. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they don't move towards you; in fact, they are motionless as you slowly approach them. You stop while still standing on the pile of crumbled rock and earth, and speak to them: "I come in peace, as a friend." It seems they can't hear you, let alone understand, as your universal translator receives no response. You decide to use your psychic perception to contact them mentally. It's difficult to understand their thoughts; they are frighteningly alien and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again and return to your flyer, but the experience has cleared your mind, which had been confused since your jump into the future. Back in the Falcon's Wing, it's fairly easy for you to plot a course to Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have used another polybdenum rod when you jump.
I think for the text flow we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work for this.
This evening, a recently graduated artist took some criticism poorly. Partly because he had been poorly taught. But it's important not to make excuses for problems and simply fix them, especially in production when your supervisor needs changes. Particularly in view of the competition.
I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I love many of the features of these lights. Advantages: First, they easily clip onto my shelf and bend into many positions, allowing me to make adjustments as my plants grow. The lights are cool to the touch and haven't caused any damage even when touching the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lights. The lights are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer, as I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature being useful in an office with houseplants or while on vacation. Disadvantages: I don't think these lights are strong enough to serve as a primary light source for seedlings. The lights are small! If the lights burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
I would like to see how these companies that facilitate transactions explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about it on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans to plant lettuce at Penn in a 6-row pattern and see how it compares to broadcast-sown beds.
I literally tried and quit every single one. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my report cards.
Yes, I believe he told us at the beginning of the semester that we would get an A if we wanted one. You just had to submit it within the second deadline. That was pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that, based on trends from previous years, many people don't do this. They find it easier to read for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the exam.
The chopped-up version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function at the end of a vtable.
This morning, IR satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of low stratus clouds and patchy <URL>
Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov expressed special thanks to the President of the Asian Athletics Association, Dahlan al-Hamad, for his support in preparing and conducting the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time on CIS territory. The tournament brought together over 500 athletes from 31 countries, who will compete in running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put, and multi-events. The tournament runs until February 12. Previously, it was reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000m and Olga Safronova won the silver medal in the women's 60m at the tournament.
Unlike other Tomb Raider games
Working from home is empowering. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces rather than stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It allows people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and their families.
It's something I've never said before either.
Your case: The dilemma score for the (Europeans?) is not in the table because the table does not fit into the paper, so <unintelligible/> The coverage is always about 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmas, only-
I had the good fortune to spend six unforgettable months by Nicholas' side in 2011 and support a number of projects. When we met on the weekend, I was very pleased to hear about the progress, especially with tree planting and support for farmers. Thousands of trees have been planted, and farmers have achieved higher crop yields through a range of measures, from assistance in purchasing equipment to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace-like pattern is elegant and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even after being compressed in plastic and a box it was very smooth, which is really great. It can be easily worn casually or dressed up and has a vintage-like feel due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think this skirt could flatter anyone. I am 1.65 m tall and weigh 59 kg and ordered size S, so I would say if you are hesitating between S and M, you should definitely choose the smaller size.
President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in season opener at Brandywell
Yes, I may have only thought about what kinds of data we currently use for that, because if you check [ORGANIZATION4]'s models on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already quite good at these things -
A 16-year-old boy was charged with murder in connection with the fatal shooting of two students at a Chicago high school in December, police announced on Friday. The suspect is being charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Superintendent David Brown announced. "We currently have no clear motive as to why a 16-year-old wanted to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released on Friday due to his age, although Brown said he would be held accountable as an adult for the murder and attempted murder charges.
The figures from the Norwegian Statistics Office showed that foreigners were distributed across all districts, with Søndre Nordstrand, Oslo's southernmost district, having over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth-highest number of foreigners. After that, Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø and Sagene made up the rest of the ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from another country.
Exactly as described
"Gut feeling" says missing woman is not in the river
But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is not correct, so something is wrong - basically the big deal or something like that is not right. So some files still have - still have strange outputs. But - but for most folders it should be fine already.
You get what you pay for.
It may have too many linguistic subtleties. It needs to be translated into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, neither of which I speak at all.
And that, even though I haven't slept as well here in the last two nights as I do at home, and I'm somewhat exhausted from ME/CFS due to staying in an unfamiliar environment where I can't relax as easily and have to remember where things are located.
The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview released late Friday that it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of the eastern industrial heartland of Donbas in Ukraine. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger territories east of the Dnieper.
And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them, because they have such a large amount of videos with different areas and different native languages of the speakers on [ORGANIZATION5]. And I had the idea that we could simply use a tool to basically download some filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and create a training dataset from that.
I am now on book No. 31 and it's only May.
Many thanks to those who have downloaded the latest update for Leasey. There have been some very minor difficulties. Nothing that should set off alarm bells, but they are being addressed nonetheless. A small update for correction will be created next week. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and anyone who needed this support should have received it by now. Have a nice day!
Now I understand that in practice IDirectXObject2 is typically a true superset of IDirectXObject, without changed function signatures and with new methods added only at the end. But this is not always the case; in such cases, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.
Photos: After restorations, Egypt inaugurates the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
Kazakh rescue forces continue to dig through the rubble in search of survivors in Turkey. The work of the rescue forces is hindered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team has recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including a child, in Turkey. First aid is also provided around the clock. As is known, an earthquake of magnitude 7.7 shook parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria early Monday. To date, the death toll from the massive quakes in southeastern Turkey has surpassed 20,000.
In our daily lives, we constantly search for ways to increase our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our profession. This can be extremely difficult for people in the healthcare industry, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burnout in your profession?" Their careers range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep the ball rolling. Despite the large differences in their roles, there were several themes in their responses that stood out as possibilities for burnout prevention.
Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall as the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives to reclaim large swathes of territory in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could last, stating that the so-called "special military operation" would continue until its objectives are met. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which form the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
My case: I had bleached all my hair and then a few months ago dyed it over with a black hair dye from the drugstore. Then I had highlights done all over my head. A few weeks later, I dyed my hair with blue-green Arctic Fox hair color, which wouldn't wash out. I used this product with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened my hair ENORMOUSLY, removed the green and blue spots and also lifted the dark dye from the drugstore. However, after a day I noticed a greenish sheen in my hair. Every day it gets worse and I have now used the color remover twice, with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the drugstore color was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
A person was arrested during a protest outside Tate Britain, where a drag queen story-telling event for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police stated that one person was arrested on suspicion of making a racially aggravated comment towards a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported, and officers remain at the scene, according to the police.
Great backpack, but an excessive number of straps
East Germany's last communist leader dies at 95
I cannot fully translate this long text into English, as you have explicitly requested not to provide any explanations or additional text besides the translation. A complete translation would exceed the scope of this response and would be difficult to understand without additional explanations. If you would like a shorter passage or individual sentences translated, please let me know.
Didn't work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been there before, made the same mistakes. Good criticism is there to quickly correct the problem and is not directed against your abilities. It is assumed that you have the ability to fix the problem or find a solution.
Your case: <unintelligible/> that you like can improve your comfort value by simply attaching phrase-based outputs, and attention is like a double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.
...And so I suddenly found myself confronted with having to create a raid group schedule.
We are all such chaotic beings.
Your case: 3 1/2 stars Remedy is both a brother's best friend romance and a second chance romance in one. It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do everything to win Collins back and prove that he's the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she would finally get everything she had dreamed of, her brother's best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him again, things definitely changed. Now Grady is back, and he's not going away, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left, and that he's not giving up on her this time. While I loved the premise of this story, and at times Grady too, he really got on my nerves. I completely understand his reasons for leaving that night, but not even sending a letter to Collins to explain? Leaving her in uncertainty and hurt all those years and then expecting her to welcome him with open arms? Was he delusional?! Collins was right to be upset, angry, hurt, etc. She was right to resist when he wanted her back and wanted to move forward. I admire her willpower, because Grady was persistent. I loved Collins in this book, she was strong and she protected her heart, and I admired her for it. Sure, she loved Grady, but she was afraid and hesitant to let him back into her life, who wouldn't be after what he did to her? Her character was definitely my favorite of the two. She definitely let things progress at the pace she wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened. There's a lot of angst in this book, and I enjoyed seeing the two come back together as Collins began to forgive Grady. I just wish Grady hadn't come across as so whiny and had shown a bit more understanding. He kept saying he understood, but sometimes he was a bit too pushy for me, and then he was sweet towards the end. In the end, I loved him just as much as Collins, but at the beginning of the book, I had trouble reading his perspectives because I couldn't connect with his character. The first part of this book wasn't my favorite, but the second part? I loved it, hence my rating. If you like second chance and brother's best friend romances, you might really enjoy this book, I just had trouble with Grady at first and how he handled some things.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City emerged victorious in the President's Cup as they won 2-0 against Shamrock Rovers. The FAI Cup winners defeated last season's champions at Brandywell thanks to goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy in the first half. The Hoops pushed for a comeback goal in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team remained steadfast and won the opening game. Derry will travel to St. Patrick's Athletic for their league opener next Friday. Patching's side-foot volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scored the first goal when the Foylesiders won 2-1 against the eventual champions last February.
There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and assistant to Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP Charlotte Nichols from Warrington North, was not included on the longlist to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with candidate selection, but added: "I know that it's really important that we have rigorous processes for who can be on the longlist and who can be on the shortlist."
In recent years, certain Hindu hardliners have raided shops selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and driven hand-holding couples out of restaurants and parks, insisting that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have said that such raids help to affirm a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say his government has pushed a Hindu agenda and seeks to establish the dominance of the religion in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up nearly 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Jains account for most of the rest.
The hatred in literature class is even worse: I love to read. I had read most of the classics before my eighteenth birthday - although that's more a consequence of living in the middle of nowhere, I even read the 1979 Encyclopedia Britannica out of desperation.
The eccentric student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his exotic beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win any privilege dispute over the subpoena of Mike Pence.
It simply appeared one day and suddenly it was available everywhere. I've entered the burrata dimension.
Why do people take on additional hurdles to install Google Maps?
In July 2022, California authorities charged Kilcher with two counts of insurance fraud, accusing her of illegally receiving more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher worked on "Yellowstone," although the actress claimed to be too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was indicted in May.
I will probably have to see whether Bing or Google is better at translating dirty gay sex puns.
Do you mean by style transfer, Dusan, that there would be something that occurs in written language, and on the target side it would be in spoken language or something similar?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I outline are debatable, with certain progress in each:
It's ThinkPad day!! Came home during my lunch break and saw this standing outside uwu. I wish I could take it to work to continue setting it up. But that will have to wait until this evening.
Avoid Wi-Fi connection - use Bluetooth! I bought this scale for my wife in October 2017. At that time, we were in the middle of moving and living in a hotel. I couldn't connect this scale to the Wi-Fi in the hotel. I decided to wait until we moved into our house, where I could set up my own Wi-Fi system. March 2018 - I set up my Wi-Fi system, and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm only 3 meters away from the Wi-Fi device. I followed the YouTube setup video without success. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the Wi-Fi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a mobile phone! I wouldn't recommend this scale to anyone due to the Wi-Fi connection. Please look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication instead. I'm replacing this with a scale that has a Bluetooth connection.
And then we will find out which packages we need to install in the Petri environment.
Wazir stated that these two tombs belong to prominent individuals who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important epochs of ancient Egypt. He said that the tombs are T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs of the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with distinct inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
In my youth, I was a voracious reader. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great stories.
Casper the #rat is an absolute unit these days. I think my new job has been good for him - two free runs per day while I work, at fairly predictable times.
Please refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it well. I know that.
The O'Mara circumstances were "quite extraordinary," Reeves said, but she admitted: "There are important lessons for the Labour Party and all political parties in selecting candidates. But I would also say that we have seen the constant undermining of standards in politics in this Parliament, not least through a series of prime ministers and penalties and parties and standards that fall far short of what one would expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do something wrong, they lose the party whip. And that's simply not the case with the Conservative Party."
So, this is something important that we should have noticed months ago. Remember that I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And every time, all of you... It's not just you personally, [PERSON8]. There were of course other things too. But every time you thought about it, you thought: "This will be easy, we'll just run it through". And only when you actually do it, you see all the problems. This is known, this is common. It's always like this. So this is a message to everyone. Before you try it, you never know what the problem will be. For example, with the call I had where someone was interviewing me, they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked as badly for me as it did today for the recording. So before you do it, you can't say whether it will work or not. And here we're encountering the problems of converting file formats. Hopefully we'll be able to get the numbers quickly. So do you have any word error rates so far?
Discovered the hard way that in 2023, local TV station websites are the absolute worst experience on the internet. Pop-ups, auto-playing videos, animations, overlays, and ads, ads, ads. I know advertising is their revenue source, but all this junk seems counterproductive if it drives people away. This is true even now that goatse.cx is gone, though it would be a close race to the bottom between goatse and, for example, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me.
I suppose that is indeed an interesting question, whether we can use the constraints to enforce this type of speaker gender in the translation.
Jami slipped him the note as they met on the way, just before the dog watch. She was heading to the wall, he was just coming off duty. He looked behind to watch her and to make sure they hadn't been seen. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the sleeping quarters before taking out the note and reading it in a beam of light falling through the blackout curtains. One word written in block letters. He spent a long time staring at it, trying to stay calm:
Your case: One of the fans sounded unbalanced right out of the box. The speed controllers are really wobbly -- if you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to turn them to 100% and then slowly turn them back until they start up again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be common for most products of this type in this price range. The feet for holding the laptop in an inclined position have broken off several times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, this device has an ideal fan arrangement for laptops that draw air through vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans in the center and provide very little additional airflow for a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Yes, if it has a short context and because I make decisions based on very short context for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that it finds out in one or two seconds, for example, oh, that was actually a bad translation. So it tries to use a different phrasing. To specify the matter, for instance. So actually, I really liked it. I liked some of the translations. I was really amazed that even though you could see the model making mistakes on the first try, it really wanted to make a kind of correction. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I also consider important. If you really demand low latency, then I think a slightly lower quality is also okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have poor translation quality and poor fluency, then I think the translation is simply pointless. But if the lower quality is due to the fact that when you read everything, you get the same information, but the phrasing is just poor because, for example, it uses more words and has made some corrections and so on. So I think that's perfectly fine for simultaneous translation as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, so some examples? Because I'd like to take a look at that, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering first-class Salesforce services tailored to your company's needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Learn how a Salesforce partner can help you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to ensure your business succeeds in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to do weightlifting but not really have any idea what your one-rep max is, as that's one of the main ways people track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom without a spotter or even a rack. Just me and a barbell with lots of weights. I do bench presses on my bed. If I try to find out my one-rep max, I might not have enough weights to push my limits, or on the other hand, it could seriously injure or even kill me. Anyway, the weight is being increased today. Still feels good.
Curious, I kept all options open to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my test iPhone device (my daily device is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
The UPS store near me does not allow me to write a label or write on the box. They must print the label.
Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.
The incident occurs following an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to Britain by boat. Police have arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool turned violent. The Merseyside Police force said a police officer and two civilians suffered minor injuries during the unrest on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police said some demonstrators threw objects and set a police van on fire. The arrested individuals, aged 13 to 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder." Merseyside Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were a few injuries among police officers."