I swear, five years ago, Burrata didn't exist yet.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be because the tools are so general and vague that my brain simply blocks due to "too many possibilities".
Because for Interspeech, we could also divide it paper by paper. So that some papers would go into the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submitted papers would come later for the PBML proceedings. And the authors would have the free choice. So we have to negotiate that either with SIGDial or Interspeech. If it's okay for them to have some of our papers, provided those papers are submitted by the March deadline. So, there is an absolute strict requirement. And I think they can't object to that. Because if the paper is worth publishing. It's just a bonus that the paper has some shared task results that appear at the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't have to ask for a special session. At Interspeech it's called special session, we don't want that. At Interspeech we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people: If you manage to get your paper ready by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you will have it at Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it for the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that is for PBML.
My neighbor and I got home at the same time and I could hear him cough out a Covid mucous membrane storm from across the street. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me for a chat. I swear, Covid-infected people are zombies trying to infect everyone else.
Yes, well, I mean, at the moment I have done the same thing.
That would be mainly for surfing the Internet, occasional e-mail traffic and for some games.
Okay, so a question just for me, to make sure: In the concatenation settings, you insert the sentence separator, right? You have a special token to distinguish what the source is and what the context or the other sentence is, or do you just concatenate them without anything? And hope that the system learns it?
Donald Trump's heavily mortgaged skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender watchlist" according to a report by Bloomberg on Friday, as revenues decline and costs rise. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly report on the building's remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Meanwhile, expenses have reportedly increased by 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and was valued at $540 million in 2015.
Loved the ring - but couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I gave 3 stars and ended up returning the product is that I realized I wouldn't be able to wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings all the time, so I always make sure to get sterling silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even when washing my hands - and didn't notice any discoloration. Interestingly, the problem was that the inner ring actually made my finger turn white and moist - similar to a bandage when you wear it for a long time. This also happened when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and had never experienced it with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really liked it! So if you're buying this ring with the intention of only wearing it occasionally, I say: Go for it!! You won't be disappointed!
(PERSON3) Oh yes, I don't know if you caught it when we were talking about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (blow) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmas are actually manually inflected correctly, but that's another, no problem, it's actually good that it's <incomprehensible/> correct, yes. So, I thought it could be. But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try to play with the models with some kind of style transfer? As you know, we can use a constraint and try to use a synonym constraint instead and see or compare how, how, what the difference is between the outputs. But that's just me describing it vaguely, because I don't have an exact idea of how to do it myself, but it could be an interesting, standalone scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know anything about style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have something like that?
I didn't really achieve anything. I'm glad that a few people approached me privately and said "look, because of all your work I will grant you this amount of money".
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka home, and just over 700 lived in the central district. Ullern, Vestre Aker, and Nordstrand were the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, significantly more immigrants lived in these districts than in downtown Oslo and Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries as well as the United Kingdom mostly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo, and St. Hanshaugen. While many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner, and Søndre Nordstrand.
On the day of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, in which the World Trade Center was destroyed and 3,000 people were killed, Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street was suddenly the tallest building in the city. His claim was not only insensitive, it was also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year jail sentence, the shadow chancellor said. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key local party figures resigned in protest at how Labour's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the parliamentary selection process for the next general election.
This is a very short sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism that influence the actual content of science are compatible with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
On the first train today, the ticket inspector looked at our tickets and said "Long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear that was trapped in a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the department, the bear had crawled into a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. As the snow began to melt, the culvert started filling with water, trapping the bear in deep snow and ice. Department staff quickly rushed to the scene and helped free the bear. The department's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, examined the bear and declared it healthy but groggy - obviously from being awakened from its hibernation. The department then took the bear to a state wildlife sanctuary to continue its hibernation. The sleepy carnivore was estimated to be 6 years old and between 375 and 400 pounds.
Loved Collins... It took me a while to get used to Grady
Yes, because his exams are generally quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today or was that all until the new year?
The experience of having to follow directions was significantly better with Apple Maps than with Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
So [PERSON2], does that make sense?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher achieved her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World", in which she portrayed Pocahontas. Her other successes include "Sons of Anarchy", "The Alienist", and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold". Most recently, she appeared in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but will not be the last time) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored more than 20 runs and also took 2 or more wickets in the same T20I. She belongs to a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved such an all-round performance in the same format.
Me, moving the functionality of my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented Communist, took over East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but was unable to slow down the growing momentum of German reunification. "The entire peaceful process of achieving German unity was his particular achievement," the Left party wrote on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy." During his 16 years as the Communist party chief in Dresden from 1973, Modrow earned a reputation as an anti-establishment politician. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
(PERSON8) I don't remember, so I don't remember exactly, but this is like- when I started with these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was concatenating the paraphrase and the source and maybe I, I don't remember now, I can check it by the next meeting, if I also tried, I definitely tried, if the sources are first, then a delimiter and the paraphrase second. I may have also tried that I randomly mixed the two things, yes, and I only remember that it did this permeation stuff abundantly and tried out multi-encoder.
He and Johnny Depp are great actors. His portrayal of Churchill regarding
So it was Epic who launched this? We can continue.
A pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath on Friday at around 13:30. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the incident. Police are appealing for witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our inquiries are ongoing and we are asking anyone who was in the area and witnessed the incident to get in touch." I would also ask anyone who was travelling in the area and who may have dashcam footage that could assist our investigation to contact us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, 10 February, 2023."
Excuse me, what? My friend recommended this line's mask, so I purchased this, this conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't speak to the effectiveness of the product because the smell was simply unbearable. You know that musty smell old buildings use in ladies' restrooms to mask the smell of *ladies*, but it just comes out as this sour, chemical, kind of musty grandma smell? Yeah, that's all I can think of when I smell it. You know, different strokes, different folks, so you might like the smell. My friend said it could help even the most damaged hair, so if you don't mind the scent, then no worries. I know natural products won't smell as pretty as some synthetics, but I feel like more and more natural lines care less since it'll sell anyway and now everything just smells like putty. I've lost a few favorite lines because they switched the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (which I called Davines and they said it wasn't), but this smells D I S G U S T I N G and I had to return it.
The news that special counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Trump's team use the courts to obstruct this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena by invoking executive privilege should fail. First of all, the question arises whether a former president can even claim the privilege at all. Recall that Trump tried to prevent the January 6 House committee from accessing White House documents and failed.
Could it be that the Google search is integrated into Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of the restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and the CSIC, which has been active since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs, which are located in the Dra Abu al-Naga area on the west bank of Luxor. They succeeded in uncovering many tombs, coffins, mummies, and a funeral garden.
Humanity releases in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working in the games industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community form around the user-generated content part of the game? (I really hope so.) The game's story, the ideas and questions it inspires, feel timely. I hope it all goes well.
Porro had an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Image: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was hard to follow as it jumped around a lot. The title doesn't fit the story either. The author implied that several people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was confused at times and had to go back a lot and reread to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
For the upcoming meetings, I asked about the demand after seeing the demo of the (Meme) project. They do offline subtitling. It's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their translation task simply gets shorter because the data gets shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles that are created for the hearing impaired. So there is a natural shortening of the data. It would be great if we could also find such data where a natural shortening takes place. We would build it into the architecture.
Trump's prized 40 Wall Street building on "lender watchlist" amid declining revenue: report
With a new #FFXIV raid tier in sight, I've been thinking for a long time: "Man, I'd really like to try real raiding, but the Party Finder sounds like a mess and I'll never find a static group that will accept me."
But after reading virtually nothing ~for decades~ (with the exception of functional work-related non-fiction books and the occasional self-help book), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
I tried it, I think with two tokens and yes, because in the first version we had the suspicion that the token itself could also be tokenized, so I repeated it with a different token that is not just for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain any separators. So I used a token that I assumed would not be broken down into multiple parts and thus only occurs once. I had no guarantee that this token could not appear elsewhere in the sentence and that this is the only place it could appear. So it could have been done cleaner, yes, I agree with that.
Your case: Source: Ripped off by Vision Supplies
This is for the component library of Wikipedia (OOUI). It mainly consists of semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require any custom elements (which offer connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce the use of pesticides while finding ways to address problems caused by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn crops.
Confusing plot
It has a slimmer shape that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp edges to get caught on, and since the power cable is firmly attached, it is less susceptible to damage than the original XB1 controller. The downsides are: 1) The vibration effect triggered in action games feels much weaker. 2) The directional joystick and buttons on the controller wear out very quickly. We are very rough and wear out 2-3 controllers per year. For us, this means we have to be selective and prudent in our controller investments annually. The controller could use more robust springs; after a few months, the most frequently used buttons no longer respond, and the right joystick loses its centering, i.e., map screens zoom and characters run forward without touching the controls.
Very nice guitar. Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't even bother trying to get one that isn't damaged. We sent back 2 due to shipping damage and the 3rd was also damaged. Given up. They ship them in the soft thin case with a sheet of packing paper in a box. No padding.
There was already remote work before 2020. In the foreseeable future, there will also continue to be jobs that can be done remotely.
"She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he was angry and wanted everyone to see the video and what the teenagers had done to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of dad-ification. Joel uses his skills and the ability to commit (extreme) acts of violence to fulfill a task that is coded as "caring".
I often wonder how people can have the ability to think *so* badly of themselves while being flooded with so much evidence of real cruelty.
We hope that Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42, "if they have one, they haven't fully communicated it."
You don't hear that often: "I'm only dropping him off in Glasgow," said the ticket inspector.
Cool concept! It just needs a few improvements to make it a really great product.
We currently use a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we do not observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install MO there, and observe how it is detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
As it turns out, I assumed that the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3 that has additional methods appended at the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport, which I implemented.
(PERSON1) I could think about it. I don't really know much about Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Biologists from Minnesota rescue trapped black bear
As she further explained, there is method to a strategy that most people inside the Beltway would consider madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we are not spinning like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We may sometimes be embarrassed and reveal things that we - and others - could easily hide, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else is doing this, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This may be the most important reason for Biden to pursue the course of radical accountability: In every presidency, there are inevitably moments when the trust of the public and the institutions that protect the civic interest is crucial. Moreover, important capital can be gained by admitting our mistakes, and there is an important distinction that Biden can draw with his political opponents. The president would do well to follow the old wisdom: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, okay. Ignore me, okay. It hurts, but you have to be yourself.
Yes, because I think it's a method that's very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to the two encoders, and I would expect it to be sometimes better and sometimes worse than the two-encoder setup, depending on the exact task, what exactly the second thing is that you're encoding. So if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it might be kind of confusing for the attention, so whatever, I don't know. The behavior might also be different for the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to the transformer, so for RNN it behaved differently then, maybe with the transformer it's, it's harder to train, so you might have to increase the number of warmup sets.
I need to email an arbitrary address with unformatted data so that the case worker can read the email and enter the data into their system to print a label.
Your case: Source:
I can only say good things about this gift bag set. I was able to pack all my Christmas gifts with the bags, wrapping paper and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the different size options make it easy to choose the perfect bag for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely lovely and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I was satisfied with my product. 5 stars all the way!
(PERSON8) No, I haven't worked on it yet. [PERSON1] said as soon as they receive the transcript, we will do it together.
I really like Akkoma, the software and the domain name I got for my instance. But somehow I have the feeling that I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I never felt comfortable there. I will linger here a little longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
So, since it applies here, in order to fix it, I had to extend my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods so that the call to the new method was valid.
Intersexuality is even recognized by TERFs and the like because it is generally more physical and thus more visible. Just as mental health is seen by many as less "real" than physical health, I somehow feel that transsexuality is just intersexuality of the mind.
Biden Justice Department "does not want an armed citizenry"
(PERSON17) Yes, so for the multi-accent English. We are now putting this together with [PERSON14] for a technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he creates new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, and that across different speakers. So it's really multi-sp
(Just for information, I have tried almost every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I will not accept any comments on the ethics of killing mice.)
(PERSON4) And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, so the translation was wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong and the part has to be <incomprehensible/>, but that was only the case in one or two instances.
Here is the English translation of the German text:  This is important. Please write this here in the documentation program, this <incomprehensible/> summary, because this is for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], if you talk to [PERSON10], and possibly also [PERSON5]. If we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple employees <incomprehensible/>. We need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example, depending on <background noise/>. And also to this speech recognition employee, and then we need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that will observe the text outputs and also follow the timestamps, and it would output the output into three separate language channels, using either silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs, so that the ASR is muted when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the right language. I just made up this kind of setup. Another possibility would be that the same sound is sent to the ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially part of the ASR and mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which kind of speech recognition integration is best for our purposes. So please keep thinking about what our pipelines look like. Ideally, I think, the least confusion would arise in management and so on if our MT models were multilingual. If they support different source languages and would translate from each of these languages into English. They might just make a copy if English is given as input, so we would have multilingual ASRs at the beginning. All go into English and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, speech recognition would not even be necessary anymore.
(PERSON1) Oh yes, one of them was for me yesterday.
It is fake news, CBN refutes claim that there is a lack of capacity to print more new Naira notes
The piano is a great introduction! It promotes your child's artistic abilities and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but actually works and allows your child to make music at a young age. If you want your child to become a future pianist, you should try this product! Really worth the money!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to watch as you set the glider down on the red ground, but they make no move to approach you. In fact, they are motionless as you climb out of the glider and slowly walk towards them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then quake, as if in an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids seem unimpressed. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. The Repnids have dug tunnels under the surface and you plummet into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. The end is quick, as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler of the future.
The more I read studies on sex, gender and psychology, the more simplifying and inaccurate the statement "My sex is male, my gender is female" seems to me. It almost seems like giving up part of an argument to TERFs. I feel that being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My sex is non-binary, my gender is female.
Antonio Conte has complained about the defense and this player is currently having difficulties defending. He is playing against very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing." Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead through Barnes nine minutes before the end. Despite the win against Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to overtake Newcastle and climb to third place.
I've been toying with this idea for a while:
Do you know a performant way for a web component to react to being added to or removed from a document?
Ok, then I will check on the 21st, otherwise I will send you an email.
I asked the seller before buying if the color was too yellow and was told it was like antique gold, darker. Not even close! The set looks VERY cheap. It is super shiny yellow with lots of zirconia, even shinier. In the photo it looks great, but in real life I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Nevertheless, unimaginable fear, terror, and expulsion have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
The battery life on the one I bought from Amazon is terrible. I still can't believe Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else even comes close in comparison. I LOVE this Harmony remote, this is my 4th one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works, but there's also an elbow mark in the middle of the touchscreen, also thanks to my husband ... I bought this one as a backup and the screen is great, but the included battery lasts maybe a few days. My original (3rd) one holds its charge for weeks and I use my remote for everything.
Musical beginning
Father says daughter took her own life after being bullied at school in New Jersey
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO of a large company. It's all clickbait, but it worries me about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP and the Progressives want to depopulate society for the sake of the environment. "You are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
Ah, I understand, ah yes, those are the two scores, right?
With 28,020 people living in Oslo, Africans formed the third-largest immigrant group in Oslo. Europeans from countries that are not part of the United Kingdom, the EU, or the EEA were the fourth-largest group and made up 15,566 residents of Oslo. From here on, the size of the groups drops significantly. For example, in 2022, there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while there were slightly more than 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently I tried to use them and unfortunately my Keurig machine gives me an error message every time that the capsule is not compatible with my machine. I've been using Donut Shop capsules in my machine since I bought it and never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee capsule, I noticed that the code printed on the top is not very readable, so I can only assume that I have a bad batch. I bought a box of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12 each. I even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and always get the same error message. I know it's not my machine because other capsules I try work fine. Only with this shipment I have this problem. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer rep who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer service!
Your case: Source: The topic this week at Revelations is staying up all night. I've been playing with this little piece in my head for a few days. It's definitely more romance than smut. Maybe I've read too many love stories with impossible "chance encounters" and this is the result, but I like it. Also, I'll definitely do the mile high orgasm someday, maybe not with a str
All I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls pouring a drink in the teenager's face, then kicking her and dragging her through the school hallways. They slammed Adriana against red lockers that lined the school's hallways, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I'm giving it 3 stars for now, I don't want to leave a bad review for the seller unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats very badly. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello themselves, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some bigger, older drones and some of my larger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with, and it actually takes the fun out of flying. For now, I'm going to assume it's a manufacturing issue that they need to address as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I give the seller props for the delivery, as it arrived 1 day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, right wing that supports dictators... that's where the danger lies. Deport the white racists.
Later in life, Modrow served on the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left Party's parliamentary group in the Bundestag, tweeted. "Until his old age, he was an important advisor in our party whose wisdom will be missed."
(PERSON10) Yes, I think - wasn't it Dominik who did some experiments with Ivana? I think, last year or the year before for double empty, where they took the context into account or concatenated the context with the input sentence and did some kind of document-level translation. But the thing with this concatenation is that it's not entirely clear whether it has the same effect as we do with the multi-encoder setting-
"Great attention is being paid to the development of sports infrastructure. A clear proof of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats," the letter from the President of Kazakhstan states. Kazakhstani athletes successfully compete in major world championships and represent Kazakhstan. They are a role model for the growing generation and inspire young people to achieve great victories, Tokayev noted. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give a new impetus to the development of athletics in the country and advocates for stronger cooperation with international organizations in this field.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
As much as we may like some people, if they only enable fascists to have a second-rate career, they should probably own up to it.
You had the keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
After criticism, the Indian government withdraws the call to hug cows on Valentine's Day.
One of the craziest things about my neighbors turning against me is thinking about how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Sure, they cut corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that encourage more business activity.
(PERSON2) My idea is that a customer clicks on this microphone button and starts speaking, and while the user is speaking, you send the audio in small pieces simultaneously. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And on the HTTP server, you put it in a queue that I will process later with (ASR). And the model will do some logic, some inference with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will send it back, and the user should get the partial transcript back. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Yes, yes, it is indeed very important to parallelize everything, both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell DF, because he would have to do it many times, there will be errors, you have to run it again quickly.
(PERSON4) Yes, thank you.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet
IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts with the most foreigners
Your case: Source: Echidna with amethyst and magenta colored spines. They are of average height, have an average build, and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is raspberry colored, short, and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped and they wear scarlet cat-eye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.  Target:
Played around a bit with Flutter. I would honestly hate to build my business on technology from Google, on the other hand, Google is one of the few big players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Abe keeps his sorrow hidden and laughs easily, while Tom is not afraid to cry but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before she lets you see that she is hurt and laughs the most when things are upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is life's constant companion.
I was disappointed when I received this item as the silver part that goes around the face seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't so much the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but more the fact that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the whole look. I also didn't trust it to withstand daily use, so I ended up returning it. I was disappointed as it seemed like a good deal if it hadn't been for that. However, if you can look past that, then maybe it's right for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I'm fed up with conservative parties and governments portraying themselves as business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood slams 44 million pound new signing Pedro Porro after miserable Tottenham debut
You land the flyer with the nose up on the side of the slag heap and get out. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they make no move to approach you; in fact, they remain motionless as you slowly walk towards them. You stop on the mound of crumbling rock and earth and speak to them: "I come in peace, as a friend." They don't seem to be able to hear you, let alone understand, as your universal translator receives no response. You decide to use your psychic consciousness to make mental contact with them. It is difficult to understand their thoughts; they are terrifyingly alien and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again and return to your flyer, but the experience has cleared your mind, which has been confused since you jumped into the future. Back in the Falcon's Wing, you find it quite easy to plot a course to Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have used up another polybdenum rod in your jump.
For text flow, we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work here.
A recently graduated artist took criticism poorly this evening. Partly because he was poorly taught. But it's important not to find excuses for problems, but to simply fix them, especially in production when the supervisor requires changes. Particularly in view of the competition.
I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I love many of the features of these lamps. Pros: First, they clip easily onto my shelf and can bend into many positions so I can make adjustments as my plants grow. The lights are cool to the touch and have not caused any damage even when in contact with the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lights. The lights are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer as I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature being useful in an office with houseplants or while on vacation. Cons: I don't think these lights are strong enough to be the primary light source for seedlings. The lights are small! If the lights burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
I want these companies that broker transactions to explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about that on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans to plant lettuce in Penn in a 6-row pattern and see how that compares to broadcast-sown beds.
I literally tried and dropped out of EVERY SINGLE ONE. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my certificates.
(PERSON1) Yes, I think he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we want an A, you get an A. You just have to submit it within the second deadline. That's pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that judging by the trends of previous years, many people don't do that. They find it easier to study for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the exam-
The hacked version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function at the end of a vtable.
This morning, infrared satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of deep stratocumulus clouds and occasional <URL>
Prime Minister Smailov expressed special gratitude to the President of the Asian Athletics Association, Dahlan al-Hamad, for his support in preparing and holding the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time in the CIS territory. The tournament brings together over 500 athletes from 31 countries, competing in the disciplines of running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put, and combined events. The tournament runs until February 12th. It was previously reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000 m at the tournament, and Olga Safronova took the silver medal in the women's 60 m.
Not like other Tomb Raider games
Remote work is beneficial. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces and not in stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It allows people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and their families.
I have never said that before either.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON4) The dilemma score for (European?) is not included in the table because the table does not fit on the paper, so <incomprehensible/> The coverage is always around 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmas, only-
I had the good fortune in 2011 to spend six unforgettable months alongside Nicholas and support a number of projects. When we met at the weekend, I was delighted to hear about the progress, especially with the tree planting and the support for the farmers. Thousands of trees have been planted, and the farmers' crop yields have been increased through a range of measures, from support with purchasing equipment to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is elegant and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even after being stuffed in plastic and a cardboard box, it was very smooth, which is really cool. It can easily be worn casually or dressed up and has a bit of a vintage feel due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think it could flatter any person. I'm 1.65 m tall, weigh 59 kg and ordered size S. So I would say if you feel you're between S and M, you should definitely go for one size smaller.
President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in season opener at the Brandywell
(PERSON6) Yes, I may have just been thinking about what types of data we are currently using for this, because if you look at [ORGANIZATION4]'s models on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already pretty good at these things -
A 16-year-old boy was charged with murder in the fatal shooting of two students at a Chicago high school in December, police announced on Friday. The suspect is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Superintendent David Brown said. "We currently have no clear motive as to why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released on Friday due to his age, although Brown said he would have to face the murder and attempted murder charges as an adult.
The numbers from Statistics Norway showed that foreigners were distributed across all districts of the city, as Søndre Nordstrand, the southernmost district of Oslo, had over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth-most foreigners. After that, Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø, and Sagene made up the remaining ten districts in Oslo with the most inhabitants from another country.
Exactly as described
"Gut feeling": Missing woman is not in the river
But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong, so something is wrong - Basically the big deal, or something is wrong. So, some files are still - still have a strange output. But - but for most folders it should be fine.
You get what you pay for.
It may have too many linguistic nuances. Have to translate it into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, both of which I don't know at all.
And that, even though I haven't slept as well here the last two nights as I do at home and am getting a bit of #MECFS, simply because I'm in an unfamiliar environment where I can't pace myself as well and have to remember where things are.
The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. In a video interview published late Friday, Yevgeny Prigozhin said it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of Ukraine's eastern industrial heartland, the Donbas. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger areas east of the Dnieper.
(PERSON6) And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them, because you basically have such a large amount of videos with different domains and different native speakers on [ORGANIZATION5]. And I had the idea that we could just use some tool to basically download a kind of filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and make a training set out of that.
I'm on book no. 31 now and it's only May.
Thank you to everyone who has downloaded the latest update for Leasey. A few small issues have arisen. Nothing to set the alarm bells ringing, but nevertheless, they are being addressed. A small update will be created next week to fix them. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and anyone who needs this support should have received it by now. Have a nice day!
Yes, I understand that in practice IDirectXObject2 is typically a true superset of IDirectXObject, without altered function signatures and new methods that are only added at the end. But this is not universally valid; for these cases, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.
Photos: After restorations, Egypt opens the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
Your rescue mission: Source: GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM - Kazakh rescuers continue to search for survivors in the rubble in Turkey, reports Kazinform, citing the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergency Situations. The work of the rescuers is hampered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team in Turkey has recovered seven survivors of the earthquake and the bodies of 19 people, including a child. Medical first aid is also provided around the clock. Notably, a magnitude 7.7 earthquake that devastated parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria struck early Monday. As of today, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has risen to over 20,000.
In everyday life, we constantly look for ways to boost our energy and avoid burnout, especially at work. This can be extremely difficult for people in healthcare, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burnout in your profession?" Their careers range from infectious disease doctors to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had good advice on how to stay motivated and keep the ball rolling. Despite the vast differences in their roles, there were several themes in their responses that emerged as ways to prevent burnout.
Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall when the Ukrainian army launched successful counteroffensives to reclaim large areas in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could continue, stating that the so-called "special military operation" would continue until its goals were achieved. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which together make up the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian troops since 2014.
I had bleached my whole head a few months ago and then dyed it over with a black box dye. Then I went and got highlights put in everywhere. A few weeks later I put blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye on my hair and it wouldn't fade. I used this stuff with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened up MASSIVELY everywhere, removing the green and blue parts and lifting the dark box dye. However, after a day I noticed a green tinge in my hair. Every day it's getting worse and I've used the color remover twice now with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the box dye was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
One person was arrested during a protest in front of the Tate Britain, where a drag queen lecture for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police reported that one person was arrested in front of the art gallery near Westminster on suspicion of making a racially motivated comment to a police officer. No injuries were reported and officers are still on the scene, police said.
Great backpack, but a bit over the top with the straps
The last communist leader of East Germany dies at 95
And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. That's why I asked that you have different versions of this dictionary by only taking the words that were observed five times. And only the pronunciations that were observed three times or more, or something like that. This way, these random errors, like the example with this four IBM instead of IBM, won't occur as often. But you will still have the variants in pronunciation, because if the person says this "alzo" when you remember, if he says this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the conversation, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if he sometimes manages to say it correctly, then you will see that again in the data. So I want [PERSON4] to stay in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you can stay in conversation, right? I have to go now because I have to make lunch for the kids and so on. But please stay in this conversation and figure out together how to use this dictionary. So [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please look at that and help convert the dictionary you output into that file. One thing that is still needed is the language model replacement word. But all these words should be known words. So [PERSON4], you need to figure out which words are in the language model. And the words that are in the language model should just be copied. So the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme as it is output. A recognized one. The phonemes, as [PERSON2] suggested. And there will be multiple lines with different phoneme variations. And the third column will again be the same for all, and again the same grapheme form will be there. This is what it looks like when the language model sees it. And I think this way these systems should be able to load it. And you may also run into another problem: that it's not ready for two large custom dictionaries. So that's also something that needs to be tested, but please test it together. [PERSON2] knows what he created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to put those two pieces of knowledge together. Ah, to make it work with the generated dictionary.
Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been there, made the same mistakes. Good criticism is there to quickly correct the problem and is not directed against your skills. It is assumed that you are able to fix the problem or find a solution.
(PERSON2) <incomprehensible/>, that you like, can improve your amenity value by simply appending the phrase-based output, and the attention is like double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.
And so I found myself in the situation of having to sort the line-up of a battle train group.
We are all such messy little animals.
3 1/2 stars Remedy is both a best friend's brother romance and a second chance romance in one. It's a unique story and the hero (Grady) has to do everything to win Collins back and prove he's the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she would finally get everything she dreamed of, her brother's best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him again, the situation definitely changed. Now Grady is back, he's not leaving, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left and that he won't give up on her this time. While I loved the premise of this story and loved Grady at times, he really got on my nerves. I totally understand his reasons for leaving that night, but not even sending Collins a letter to explain? Leaving her pondering and hurt all those years and then expecting her to welcome him with open arms? Was he delusional?! Collins had every right to be angry, hurt, etc. She was right to fight him when he wanted her back and wanted to move on. I admire her willpower, because Grady was persistent. I loved Collins in this book, she was strong and protected her heart and I admired her for that. Sure, she loved Grady, but she was scared and hesitant to let him back into her life. Who wouldn't be after what he did to her? Her character was definitely my favorite of the two. She definitely let things run at the pace she wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened. There's a lot of angst in this book and I enjoyed watching these two come back together as Collins began to forgive Grady. I just wish Grady hadn't come across as so whiny and had been a little more understanding. He kept saying he would understand, but sometimes he was a little too pushy for me and then he was sweet towards the end. In the end, I loved him just as much as Collins, but at the beginning of the book I had a hard time reading his point of view because I couldn't connect with his character. The first part of this book wasn't my favorite, but the second part? I loved that, hence my rating. If you like second chance and best friend's brother romances, you might really enjoy this book. I just had a hard time with Grady at first and how he handled some of the things he did.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City emerged victorious in the President's Cup, defeating Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The FAI Cup winners beat last season's champions at the Brandywell thanks to first-half goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy. The Hoops pushed for an improved result in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' charges held firm to win the opener. Derry travel to St. Patrick's Athletic for the league opener next Friday. Patching's volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scoring the first goal as the Foylesiders won 2-1 against the eventual champions in February.
There has been particular discontent that Leigh Drennan, the chairman of Labour North West and assistant to the Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP for Warrington North, Charlotte Nichols, was not put on the longlist to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with the candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have rigorous procedures for who can be put on the longlist and who can be put on the shortlist."
In recent years, certain Hindu hardliners have raided businesses selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and chased hand-holding couples out of restaurants and parks, arguing that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have said such raids help restore a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say his government has pushed a Hindu agenda that seeks to assert the religion's primacy in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up nearly 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists and Jains account for most of the rest.
Class hatred in literature is even worse: I love to read. I had already finished most of the classics before my eighteenth birthday - although that's more a reflection of living in the middle of nowhere, I also read the 1979 Encyclopaedia Britannica out of desperation.
Geeky student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusted 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his exotic beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win any privilege fight over subpoenaing Mike Pence
It just showed up one day and suddenly it was available everywhere. I have entered the Burrata dimension.
So why do people jump through extra hoops to install Google Maps?
In July 2022, California officials charged Kilcher with two counts of workers' compensation fraud, accusing her of illegally collecting more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher worked on "Yellowstone," despite the actress claiming she was too injured to work. Kilcher surrendered herself and was charged in May.
I'll have to see then whether Bing or Google is better at translating suggestive gay sex jokes.
By style transfer, Dusan, do you mean that there is something written in the written language, and the target page would be in the spoken language or something similar?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I outline are debatable, but there is progress on each one.
It's ThinkPad Day!! I came home during my lunch break and saw that this was waiting outside uwu. I wish I could take it to work to set up even more. But that will have to wait until tonight.
Avoid WLAN connection - use Bluetooth! I bought this scale in October 2017 for my wife. At that time, we were in the middle of a move and lived in a hotel. I couldn't connect this scale to the hotel's WLAN. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own WLAN system. March 2018 - I set up my WLAN system and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm only 3 meters away from the WLAN device. I followed the YouTube setup video without success. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the WLAN router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a cell phone! I would not recommend this scale to anyone because of the WLAN connection. Instead, look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication. I'm replacing this with a Bluetooth connected scale.
(PERSON1) and then we find out which packages we need to install in the Petri environment.
Wazir explained that these two tombs belong to prominent individuals who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important eras of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs is T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs from the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with characteristic inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was the overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
In my youth, I was an insatiable reader. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great storytelling.
Casper the #rat is an absolute splendid specimen these days. I think my new job has done him good - two free roam times a day, while I'm working, at pretty predictable times.
Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it right. I know that.
The O'Mara case was "quite extraordinary", Reeves said, but she conceded: "There are important lessons that the Labour Party and all political parties need to learn in selecting candidates. But I would also say that in this parliament we have seen the constant undermining of standards in politics, not least by a series of prime ministers and fines and parties and standards that fall far short of what one would expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do something wrong, they lose the whip. And that's simply not the case with the Conservatives."
(PERSON6) So this is an important thing that we should have come across months ago. Remember that I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And every time you all... It's not just about you personally, [PERSON8]. There were of course other things too. But every time you thought about it, you thought "it's going to be easy, we'll just run it". And only when you actually do it, you see all the problems. So, that's known, common. It's always like that. So that's a message for everyone. Before you try it, you never know what the problem will be. For example, the call where someone interviewed me, they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked so poorly for me as it did today for the recording. So, before you do it, you can't say whether it will work or not. And here we run into the problems of converting the file formats. So hopefully we can get the numbers quickly. Do you have any word error rates yet?
Found out the hard way that in 2023, local TV station websites are the absolute worst experience on the internet. Pop-ups, auto-playing videos, animations, overlays, and ads, ads, ads. I know advertising is their revenue source, but all this crap seems counterproductive when it drives people away. This is still true now that goatse.cx is gone, although it would be a close race for last place between goatse and, say, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me.
I think that is actually an interesting question, whether we can use the constraints to enforce this kind of gender of the speaker in the translation.
Jami slipped him the note as they passed each other on the way, just before the dog watch. She was on her way to the wall; he was just coming from his shift. He looked back to watch her and to make sure they hadn't been seen. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the sleeping quarters before he pulled out the note and read it in a beam of light that penetrated the blackout curtains. One word in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to stay calm:
One of the fans sounded unbalanced from the start. The speed controllers are really shaky - if you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to set them to 100% and then slowly turn them back down until they turn on again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be normal for most products of this type in this price range. The feet for raising the laptop in a tilted position have broken off a few times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, the fans are ideally placed for laptops that draw in air through vents near the top edge of the laptop. Many other coolers have the fans more toward the center and provide very little additional airflow for a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Yes, if it has a short context and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that it finds out after a second or two, oh, well, that was actually a bad translation. So it tries to use a different wording. To specify the thing, for example. So actually, I really liked it. I liked some of the translations. I was really amazed, even though you could see that the model made mistakes on the first try, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded really fluent, which I think is important too. If you really demand low latency, then I think even slightly lower quality is okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have poor translation quality and poor fluency, then I think the translation is just pointless. But if the lower quality is that when you read everything in the translation, you get the same information, but the phrasing is just poor because it used more words and used some corrections and so on. So I think that's totally fine for simultaneous translations, as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, so any examples? Because I'd love to take a look, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering customized Salesforce services tailored to your company's needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can assist you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to ensure your business thrives in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to lift weights but have no idea what your one-rep max is, because that's one of the main ways people track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom with no spotter or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with a bunch of weights. I bench press on my bed. If I try to find out what my one-rep max is, I might not own enough weights to reach my limit, or conversely it could seriously injure/kill me. Anyway, the load is going up today. Still feels good.
Curious, I kept an open mind to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my test iPhone (my daily device is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
The UPS Store near me does not allow me to write a label or on the box. They have to print the label.
(PERSON1) So I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.
The incident occurred after an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to Great Britain in boats. Police have arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool turned violent. Merseyside Police said one police officer and two civilians were slightly injured in the tumult on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police said some demonstrators threw objects and set a police vehicle on fire. Those arrested, aged between 13 and 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder". Merseyside's Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were a few injuries among the police officers."