Your case: Source: I swear that Burrata did not exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be because the tools are so broad and vague that my brain is simply blocked due to "too many possibilities".
Your case: Source: Since we could also submit the contributions for Interspeech individually, some contributions would be included in the Interspeech proceedings. Some of our submitted contributions would later appear in the PBML proceedings. The authors would have the free choice. We would have to negotiate this with either SIGDial or Interspeech. Whether it is okay for them to accept some of our contributions, provided that these contributions are submitted by the March deadline. So there is an absolute deadline. And I think they can't object. Because if the contribution is worth publishing, it is only a bonus that the contribution contains some results of the Shared Task in the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't have to apply for a special session. In Interspeech, that's called a special session, we don't want that. In Interspeech, we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people: If you manage to finish your paper by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper, and you will have it within Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it, ah, do it for the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that's for PBML.
My neighbor and I got home at the same time and I could hear him cough up a Covid mucus storm across the street. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me for a chat. I swear, Covid-infected people are zombies trying to infect everyone else.
Yes, well, I mean, at the moment I did the same thing.
This would be mainly for surfing the internet, occasional emails, and some games.
Your case: Source: Okay, just one question for me to make sure you're including the sentence boundary token in the concatenation settings, right? You have a special token to distinguish which is the source and which is the context or the other sentence, or are you just concatenating them without anything? And are you hoping the system will learn it?
According to a Bloomberg report on Friday, Donald Trump's heavily mortgaged skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "creditor watch" due to declining revenues and rising costs. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly report on the remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Meanwhile, expenses have increased by 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and which was valued at $540 million in 2015.
I loved the ring - but couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I gave just 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is that I realized I couldn't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings all the time, which is why I always make sure to get sterling silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even when washing my hands - and didn't notice any tarnishing. Interestingly, the problem was that the inner ring actually stained my finger white and moist - similar to a band-aid when you wear it for an extended period. This happened even when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and it's never happened to me with any other ring, but it got uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really loved it! So, if you're buying this ring with the intention of only wearing it occasionally, I say go for it!! You won't be disappointed!
Oh yes, only I don't know if you, if you, if you <unintelligible/> noticed when we talked about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (blow) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmas are actually manually inflected correctly, but that's, that's not a problem, it's actually good, that's <unintelligible/> right, yes. So, I thought it might be. But I'm not sure if we have some test data for that, but we could try to play around with the models with some kind of style transfer? As you know, we can use a constraint and try to use a synonymous constraint instead and see or compare what the difference between the outputs is. But that's, like, I'm just describing it vaguely because I don't have an exact idea myself how to do it, but it could have been an interesting, different scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know about any style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have anything?
I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people privately approached me and said, "Look, because of all your work, I'll grant you this amount of money."
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka their home, and just over 700 lived in the central city district. Ullern, Vestre Aker and Nordstrand formed the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, significantly more immigrants lived in these districts than in the center of Oslo and in Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries, as well as from the United Kingdom, mainly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo and St. Hanshaugen. Meanwhile, although many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, were also resident in Gamle Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner and Søndre Nordstrand.
On the day of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, in which the World Trade Center was destroyed and 3,000 people were killed, Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street was suddenly the tallest building in the city. His claim was not only insensitive, it was also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year prison sentence, the shadow chancellor said. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key figures in the local party resigned in protest at how Labour's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the parliamentary selection process for the next general election.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism that influence the actual content of science are consistent with theories that claim the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
On the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said "long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear that had fallen into a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the department, the bear had taken shelter in a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. As the snow began to melt, the culvert started filling with water, and the bear was stuck in deep snow and ice. Department staff rushed to the scene and helped free the bear. The department's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, examined the bear and found it to be healthy but groggy - apparently from being awakened from its hibernation. The department then took the bear to a state wildlife sanctuary so it could continue its winter sleep. The sleepy carnivore was estimated to be 6 years old and between 375 and 400 pounds.
I liked Collins... It took a while for me to get used to Grady
Yes, because his exams are generally quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today or was that all until the new year?
The experience of having to follow directions was significantly better with Apple Maps than with Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON6) So [PERSON2], does that make sense?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher had her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she portrayed Pocahontas. Her other roles include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." Most recently, she was seen in the road movie "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but not the last) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored 20+ runs and took 2+ wickets in the same T20I. She joins a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this all-round performance in this format.
Your case: Source: Me, extracting the functionality of my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard for a sec" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Your case: Source: Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but could not curb the growing momentum for German reunification. "The entire peaceful process of achieving German unity was precisely a special achievement of his," wrote the Left on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy." During his 16 years as party leader of the Communists in Dresden, starting in 1973, Modrow built a reputation as an anti-establishment figure. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
I don't remember exactly, but that was around when I started these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was combining the paraphrase and the source, and maybe, I don't remember now, I can check until the next meeting, whether I also tried if the sources are in first place, then a separator and the paraphrase in second place. I might have also tried to randomly mix the two things, yes, and I just remember that it made plenty of this interpenetration stuff and tried multi-encoder.
He and Johnny Depp are great actors. As for his portrayal of Churchill
So it was Epic that started it? We can continue.
A female pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the incident on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath at about 13:30 on Friday. A 24-year-old man has since been arrested in connection with the collision. Police are appealing for any witnesses or those with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our inquiries are ongoing and we are appealing to anyone who was in the area at the time of the incident and witnessed the collision to get in touch. I would also appeal to anyone who was driving in the area around that time and may have dashcam footage which could assist our investigation to contact us. Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, 10 February, 2023."
I'm sorry, what? My friend recommended this line's mask to me, so I bought this, the conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't say anything about the effectiveness of the product because the smell was simply unbearable. You know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' restrooms to mask the smell of *ladies*, but it just comes out as this sour, chemical, kind of musty grandma smell? Yeah, that's all I can think of when I smell this. You know, different preferences, different people, maybe you like the smell. My friend said it could repair even the most damaged hair, so if you don't care about the scent, then don't worry. I know natural products won't smell as nice as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines just care less since they'll sell anyway and now everything just smells like playdough. I've lost a few favorite lines because they switched the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (which I called Davines and they said it wasn't), but this smells like D I S G U S T and I had to return it.
The news that special counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will the Trump team use the courts to thwart this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena on executive privilege grounds should fail. First of all, there is the question of whether a former president can even claim the privilege for himself. Remember that Trump tried and failed to prevent the January 6 House committee from accessing White House records.
Could it be that Google Search is integrated into Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and CSIC, which has been active since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs, which are located in the area of Dra Abu al-Naga on the west bank of Luxor. They managed to uncover many tombs, sarcophagi, mummies, and a burial garden.
Humanity appears in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working in the gaming industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community develop around the user-generated content of the game? (I really hope so.) The game's story, the ideas and questions it raises, feel timely. I hope everything goes well.
Porro had an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Image: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was hard to follow as it made many jumps. Moreover, the title doesn't fit the story. The author implied that several people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was confused at times and had to reread a lot to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
For the upcoming sessions, I asked about the demand because I saw the demo of the (meme) project. They do offline subtitling. So that's a bit easier than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their translation mission just gets shorter because the data gets shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles that are created for the hearing impaired. So there's a natural shortening of the data. It would be great if we could also find that kind of data where a natural shortening occurs. We would build it into the architecture.
Trump's prized 40 Wall Street building on 'Lender Watch' amid falling revenue: Report
As a new #FFXIV raid tier draws closer, I've long been thinking: "Man, I'd really like to properly raid, but the Party Finder sounds like a mess and I'll never find a static raid that will take me in."
But after decades of reading almost nothing (except for functional work-related non-fiction and occasional self-help books), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
## English Translation:  **Source:** (PERSON8) I tried it, I guess two tokens and yes, like, because in the first version we suspected that the token could also be tokenized itself, so I repeated it with another token that is not only for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain separator tokens. So I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and would therefore appear once. I had no guarantee that this token would not appear elsewhere in the sentence and that this is the only place where it could appear. So it could be done better, yes, I agree.  **Target:** Okay, here is the English translation of the German sentence.  
Your case: Source: Ripped off by Vision Supplies
This is for the Wikipedia component library (OOUI). It mainly consists of semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which provide connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce pesticide use while finding ways to address problems caused by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn crops.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Confusing plot
It has a slimmer design that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp corners to get caught on, and the fixed power cable makes it far less susceptible to damage than the original XB1 controller. The downsides are: 1) The vibration effect triggered in action games feels much weaker. 2) The directional joystick and buttons of the controller wear out very quickly. We are very rough and tend to wear out 2-3 controllers per year. Therefore, we need to be selective and careful about what we buy in our annual controller investments. The controller could use more durable springs; after a few months, the most frequently used buttons stop responding, and the right joystick loses its centering, meaning map screens zoom and characters move forward without even touching the controls.
Very beautiful guitar. It's a shame that the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't even try to get an undamaged one. We sent back 2 due to transport damage and the 3rd was also damaged. We gave up. They ship it in the soft, thin case with a sheet of brown paper in a cardboard box. No padding at all.
There was already work from home before 2020. In the foreseeable future, there will also continue to be jobs that can be done remotely.
One of the girls said: "That's what you get." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he is angry and wants everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of dadification. Joel uses his skills and ability to perform (extreme) acts of violence to fulfill a task that is coded as "caring."
I often wonder about the human ability to be *so* hard on oneself while being flooded with so much evidence of what actual cruelty looks like.
We hope that Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42; if they have one, they haven't fully communicated it.
"You don't hear that often: 'I'm only dropping him off in Glasgow'," said the ticket inspector.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Cool idea! Just needs a few improvements to become a really great product.
We currently use a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we do not observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install MO there, and observe how it gets detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
It turned out that it was assumed that the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3, which has additional methods appended at the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport that I implemented.
I could think about it. I don't really know much about Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Minnesota biologists rescue trapped black bear
As she further explained, there's a method to a strategy that most people inside the Beltway would call madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we don't sugarcoat like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We might occasionally be embarrassed and disclose things that we - and others - could easily conceal, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This might be the most important reason for Biden to take the path of radical accountability: In every presidency, moments inevitably arise when it is crucial to have the trust of the public and the institutions that protect civic interest. Moreover, there is important capital to be gained by owning up to our mistakes, and Biden can draw an important distinction from his political opponents. The President would do well to follow the old adage: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, alright. Ignore me, alright. It hurts, but you have to be yourself.
Yes, because I think it's a method that's very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to the two encoders, and I would expect it to sometimes be better and sometimes worse than the two-encoder configuration, depending on the exact task, such as what exactly the second thing is that you're encoding. So, maybe if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it's kind of confusing for the attention, so whatever, I don't know. The behavior could also be different for the old sequence-to-sequence methods, compared to the transformer, so for RNN it behaved differently then, maybe with the transformer it is, it's harder to train, so maybe you have to increase the number of warm-up sets, whatever.
I have to email a random address with unformatted data so that the clerk can read the email and enter it into their system to print a label.
Your case: Source: #FalconGameBooks
I only have good things to say about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, wrapping paper and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the different size options make it easy to choose the perfect one for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely nice and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I was satisfied with my product. 5 stars in every way!
No, I haven't worked on it yet. [PERSON1] said as soon as they have the transcript, we will take care of it together.
I really like Akkoma, the software and the domain name I got for my instance. But somehow I feel like I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I never felt comfortable there. I'll stay here a little longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
Anyway, since it applies here, I had to extend my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods in order to fix this, so that the call to the new method was valid.
Intersex is even recognized by TERFs and similar groups, as it is generally more physical and therefore more visible. Similar to how mental health is often seen as less "real" than physical health by many, I feel that being trans is merely intersex of the mind.
Your case: Biden DOJ 'Doesn't want an armed citizenry'
Your case: (PERSON17) Yes, so for the multi-accent English. So, we are now [PERSON14] working on bringing this together into a single technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he will create new sentences with words that have been spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So they will really be multi-speaker sentences, and therefore the robustness against the different accents of these speakers could also be improved. Ah, so this is a particle experiment. And later we could maybe do something on the multi-accent theme. So, these new sentences will actually try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. The ASR system needs to see the largest possible amount of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the pure text language model by adding the tone, so that the language model for the ASR becomes better and the robustness against different speakers also becomes better. And yesterday I heard another idea during a presentation. It was during the training. They took out time bands and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained on disturbed inputs, and that also significantly improved the robustness of the system.
Your case: Source: (Just as an aside, I have tried nearly every "humane" trap on the market, with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I will not accept any comments on the ethics of killing mice.)
(PERSON4) And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, so the translation was wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong and the part has to be <incomprehensible/>, but those were only one or two cases.
(PERSON11) That's important. Please write this here in the documenter, this <incomprehensible/> summary, because this is for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], if you talk to [PERSON10], and possibly also [PERSON5]. If we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple workers <incomprehensible/>. We need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example, depending on <other_noise/>. And also to this language ID worker, and then we need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool we don't have yet. That's the multi-source tool that will watch the text outputs and also keep track of the timestamps, and it would emit the output into three separate language channels by using either silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs so that the ASR is silent when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the right language. I just made up this kind of setup. Another possibility would be that the same sound is sent to ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially part of the ASR and silences the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which kind of integration of language ID is best for our purposes. So please think further about what our pipelines will look like. Ideally, I think, the least confusion would arise in management and so on if our MT models were multilingual. If they would support different source languages and translate from one of those languages into English. Possibly they would just make a copy if English was given as input, so that we would have multilingual ASRs at the beginning. Everything goes into English and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, even the language ID would no longer be necessary.
Your case: Source: Your case: (PERSON1) Oh good, one of them was there for me yesterday.
It is fake news, CBN refutes claim that there is a lack of capacity to print more new Naira notes
The piano is a great start! It promotes your child's inner artistic ability and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to be a future pianist, you should try this product! Really worth the money!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to watch as you set the glider down on the red ground, but they make no move to approach you. In fact, they remain motionless as you climb out of the glider and slowly walk towards them. The ground beneath your feet begins to quake and then wobble, as if it were an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids seem unimpressed. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. The Repnids have dug tunnels beneath the surface and you plummet into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cavern below. The end is quick, as several pairs of venomous fangs inject their deadly poison and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read studies on sex, gender and psychology, the more the statement "My sex is male, my gender identity is female" seems simplistic and inaccurate to me. It almost seems like conceding part of an argument to TERFs. I feel that being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My sex is non-binary, my gender identity is female.
Antonio Conte complained about the defense and this player is currently having difficulties defending. He came up against very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing. While the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead through Barnes nine minutes before the end of regular time. Despite the win against Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to move past Newcastle and into third place.
I have been toying with this idea for a while:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Do you know an efficient way for a web component to react to adding/removing from a document?
Alright. I will check again on the 21st, otherwise I will send you an email.
Before buying, I asked the seller if the color was too yellow, and I was told it was like antique gold, darker. Not at all! The set looks VERY cheap. It's super shiny yellow with lots of cubic zirconia, even shinier. Looks great in the photo, but in reality I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Nevertheless, unimaginable fear, terror, and expulsion have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
The battery life on the one I bought from Amazon is terrible. I still can't believe Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else even comes close in comparison. I love this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works, but there's an elbow print in the middle of the touchscreen, also thanks to my husband... I bought this one as a replacement and the screen is great, but the included battery lasts maybe a few days. My original (third) one holds its charge for weeks and I use my remote for everything.
Your case: Source: Musical Start
The father says that his daughter took her own life after being bullied at a school in New Jersey.
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO of a large company. It's all clickbait, but it makes me worry about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP and Progressives want to depopulate society for the benefit of the environment. "You are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
Oh right, oh yes, those are the two results, right?
Africans formed the third largest immigrant group in Oslo with 28,020 people living in Oslo. Europeans from countries not part of the UK, EU or EEA were the fourth largest group, making up 15,566 Oslo residents. From here, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022 there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while there were just over 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently I wanted to use them and unfortunately my Keurig machine gives an error message every time I try one that the pod is not compatible with my machine. I have been using the Donut Shop pods in my machine since I bought it and never had any issues. Upon closer inspection of the coffee pod, I noticed that the code printed on the top is not very readable, so I can only assume that I got a bad box. I bought a box of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12 each. I even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and I get the same error message every time. I know it's not my machine because other pods I try work fine. It's only this shipment that I'm having this problem with. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer rep who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer support!
Here is the English translation for the German sentence:  Your case: Source: The task this week for Revelations is "Stay up all night". I've been playing around with this little piece in my head for a few days now. It's definitely more romance than smut. Maybe I've read too many romance novels with impossible "chance encounters" and this is the result, but I like it. Also, I'll definitely try the mile high orgasm someday, maybe not with a str
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Everything I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls throwing the drink at the teen, then kicking her and dragging her through the school hallways. They slammed Adriana against red lockers that lined the school corridors, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I'm giving it 3 stars for now, I don't want to leave a bad review for the seller unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats a lot. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello themselves, but I will probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some bigger, older drones and some of my bigger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with and it really takes the fun out of flying. For now, I'm going to assume it's a manufacturing issue that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone as I paid for a new one. However, I will give the seller credit for delivery as it arrived the day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, right wing that supports dictators... that's where the danger lies. Deport the white racists.
Later in life, Modrow served on the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left Party parliamentary group. "Until old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Your case: Source: (PERSON10) Yes, I think - didn't Dominik do some experiments with Ivana? I think it was last year or the year before for Double Empty, where they included the context or concatenated the context with the input sentence and did some kind of document translation. But the thing is, with this concatenation, it's not entirely clear whether it has the same effect as the multi-encoder setting.
"Great attention is being paid to the development of sports infrastructure. A clear proof of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats," reads the letter from the Kazakh president. Kazakh athletes successfully compete in major world competitions and represent Kazakhstan. They are a role model for the younger generation and inspire the youth to great victories, noted Tokayev. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give new impetus to the development of athletics in the country and promised closer cooperation with international organizations in this field.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
As much as we may like some people, if they only offer fascists a career in the second league, they should probably stand by it.
They had keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
The Indian government withdraws call to hug cows on Valentine's Day after criticism
One of the craziest things about my neighbors turning against me is the thought of how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Sure, they cut corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that encourage more business activity.  Target: Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Sure, they cut corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that encourage more business activity.
(PERSON2) My idea is that a user clicks on this microphone button and starts speaking, and while the user is speaking, you send the audio simultaneously in small chunks. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And to the HTTP server, put it in a queue that I will later process with (ASR). And the model will do some logic, some inference with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will be sent back, and the user should get the partial transcript back. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON7) Yes, yes, it is very important to parallelize everything, both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell-DF, because he would have to run this many times, there will be errors, you have to restart this quickly.
(PERSON4) Yes, thanks.
My dog has not destroyed it yet.
IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts with the most foreigners
Your case: Source: Echidna with amethyst and magenta spines. They are of average height, have an average build, and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is raspberry-colored, short, and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped and they wear scarlet cateye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.
Played around a bit with Flutter. I would honestly hate to build my business on technology from Google, on the other hand, Google is one of the few big players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Abe keeps his worries hidden and laughs easily, while Tom is unafraid to cry but less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before she lets you see that she's hurt, and laughs the most when everything is upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is life's constant companion.
I was disappointed when I received this item because the silver part that goes around the face seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but rather the fact that the plastic used looked incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire appearance. I also didn't trust it to withstand daily use, so I ultimately returned it. I was disappointed because it would have been a good deal if it hadn't been for that. However, if you can overlook this, it might be right for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I'm tired of conservative parties and governments posing as business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Tim Sherwood tears £44m signing Pedro Porro after disastrous Tottenham debut.
Your case: Source: You land the flyer nose-up on the side of the slag heap and climb out. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they make no move towards you, in fact they are motionless as you slowly approach them. You stop while still on the mound of crumbled rock and earth and speak to them: "I come in peace, as a friend." It seems they cannot hear you, let alone understand, as your universal translator picks up no response. You decide to use your PSI awareness to make mental contact with them. It is difficult to make sense of their thoughts; they are frighteningly alien and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again and return to your flyer. But the experience has cleared your mind, which has been clouded since your jump into the future. Back in Falcon's Wing, you find it quite easy to calculate a course for Earth in 3034 AD. Note that you have used up another polybden rod in the jump.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
For the text flow, we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work for this.
This evening, a recently graduated artist took some criticism badly. Partly because he had been poorly taught. But it's important not to make excuses for problems and simply fix them, especially in production when your supervisor needs changes. Especially considering the competition.
I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I love many of the features of these lamps. Advantages: First, they easily clip onto my shelf and bend into many positions, allowing me to make changes as my plants grow. The lamps are cool to the touch and have not caused any damage even when in contact with the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lamps. The lamps are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer as I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature could be useful in an office with houseplants or while on vacation. Disadvantages: I don't think these lamps are strong enough to be the main light source for seedlings. The lamps are small! If the lamps burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
I would like to see how these companies that facilitate transactions explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about that on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans to plant lettuce in Penn in a 6-row pattern and see how that compares to broadcast-sown beds.
Your case: Source: I have literally tried and dropped EVERY SINGLE ONE. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my transcripts.
(PERSON1) Yes, I think he told us at the beginning of the semester that you get an A if you want one. You just have to submit it within the second deadline. That was pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that judging by the trends of the last few years, many people don't do that. They find it easier to read for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the exam-
The hacked version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function at the end of a vtable.
This morning, infrared satellite images and ground-based observations showed a spreading area of low-level stratus clouds and isolated <URL>
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov expressed his special thanks to the President of the Asian Athletics Association Dahlan al-Hamad for his support in the preparation and conduct of the championships. The Asian Athletics Indoor Championships are taking place for the first time in the CIS. The tournament brought together over 500 athletes from 31 countries who are set to compete in races, relays, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put, and heptathlon. The tournament is scheduled to last until February 12. It was previously reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000m and Olga Safronova won the silver medal in the women's 60m at the tournament.
Your case: Source: Not like other Tomb Raider games
Remote work enables many things. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces instead of stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It allows people to avoid long commute times that take time away from their day and their families.
It's something I've also never said before.
Your case: Source: (PERSON4) The dilemma value for (European?) is not in the table because the table doesn't fit on the paper, so <incomprehensible/> The coverage is always 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmas, only-
I had the good fortune to spend six unforgettable months with Nicholas in 2011 and support a number of projects. When we met at the weekend, I was delighted to hear about the progress, particularly with the tree planting and farm support. Thousands of trees were planted and the farmers were able to achieve higher crop yields through a range of measures, from support with purchasing equipment to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is elegant and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even after being packed in plastic and a box, it was very smooth, which is really great. It can be easily worn casually or elegantly and has a vintage-like feel due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think this skirt could flatter anyone. I am 1.65 m tall and weigh 59 kg and ordered size S, so I would say if you are hesitating between S and M, definitely choose the smaller size.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in Brandywell season opener
(PERSON6) Yes, I was just thinking about what kind of data we are currently using for this, because if you look at the models from [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already pretty good at these things -
A 16-year-old boy was charged with murder of two students in a deadly shooting at a high school in Chicago in December, police announced on Friday. The suspect is being charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Chief David Brown announced. "We currently have no clear motive for why a 16-year-old wanted to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released on Friday due to his age, although Brown said he would be held accountable as an adult for the murder and attempted murder charges.
The figures from the Norwegian Statistics Office showed that foreigners were distributed across all districts, with Søndre Nordstrand, Oslo's southernmost district, having over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth-highest number of foreigners. After that, Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø and Sagene made up the rest of the ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from another country.
Exactly as described
Missing woman "gut feeling" is not in the river
But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong, so something is not right - Basically the big deal or something is wrong. So some files are still - still have weird output. But - but for most folders it should be fine already.
You get what you pay for.
It possibly has too many linguistic subtleties. It needs to be translated into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, neither of which I have any mastery of.
And that, even though I haven't slept as well here in the last two nights as I do at home and am a bit #MECFS-exhausted, simply because I'm in an unfamiliar environment where I can't organize myself as well and have to remember where things are.
The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview released late Friday that it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of the eastern industrial region of Donbas in Ukraine. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger areas east of the Dnieper.
(PERSON6) And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them, because you basically have such a large amount of videos with different domains and different native speaker languages on [ORGANIZATION5]. And I had the idea that we could just use some tool to basically download a kind of filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and make a training set out of it.
I'm now on book no. 31 and it's only May.
Thank you to everyone who has downloaded the latest update for Leasey. A few small difficulties have occurred. Nothing to set the alarm bells ringing, but nevertheless, they will be fixed. Next week, a small update will be created to correct these. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and anyone who needs this support should now have received it. Have a nice day!
Now I understand that in practice IDirectXObject2 is typically a true superset of IDirectXObject, without changed function signatures and with new methods added only at the end. But this is not always the case; in such cases, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.
Photos: After restorations, Egypt opens the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
Your case: Source: GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM - Kazakh rescuers continue to search for survivors in the rubble in Turkey, Kazinform reports citing the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergency Situations. The work of rescuers is complicated by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team in Turkey has recovered seven survivors of the earthquake and the bodies of 19 people, including a child. Medical first aid is also being provided around the clock. It is noteworthy that a magnitude 7.7 earthquake that devastated parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria struck early Monday. To date, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has risen to over 20,000.
In our daily lives, we are constantly looking for ways to boost our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our professions. This can be extremely challenging for people in healthcare, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burnout in your profession?" Their professions range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep the ball rolling. Despite the vast differences in their roles, there were several themes that emerged in their responses as ways to avoid burnout.
Your case: Source: Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall when the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives to reclaim large areas in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could last, saying the so-called "special military operation" would continue until its goals were achieved. Russian forces have focused on Ukraine's Luhansk and Donetsk provinces, which together make up the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
Your case: Source: A few months ago, I bleached my entire head and then dyed over it with a black box dye. Then I got highlights all over. A few weeks later, I applied blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye and it wouldn't fade. I used this stuff with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened EXTREMELY, removing the green and blue parts and also lightening the dark box dye. However, I noticed a green tint in my hair after a day. It's getting worse every day and I've used the color remover twice now, with the same results. My hair is also getting darker where the box dye was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last.
A person was arrested during a protest outside Tate Britain where a drag queen story time event for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police said one person was arrested on suspicion of making a racially aggravated comment towards a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported and officers remain at the scene, police said.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Great backpack, but overdone with the straps.
East Germany's last communist leader dies at 95
And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. That's why I asked that you have different versions of this dictionary by only taking the words that were observed five times. And only the pronunciations that were observed three times or more, or something like that. This way, these random errors, like the example with this four IBM instead of IBM, will not occur as frequently. But still, you will have the variants in pronunciation, because when the person says this "alzo", if you remember, when he says this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the lecture, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if he sometimes manages to pronounce it correctly, then you will see that again in the data as well. So, I want [PERSON4] to stay in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you stay in conversation, right? I have to go now because I have to make lunch for the kids and so on. But please stay in this conversation and figure out together how to use this dictionary. So [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please look at that and help convert the dictionary you output into that file. One thing that is still needed is the language model replacement. But all these words should be known words. So [PERSON4], you need to find out which words are in the language model. And the words that are in the language model should just be copied. So, the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is output. One recognized. The phonemes, as [PERSON2] suggested. And there will be multiple rows with different phoneme variations. And the third column will again be the same for all, and again the same graphematic form will be there. That's when the language model sees it. And I think, in this way, these systems should be able to load it. And you may also run into another problem: that it's not ready for two large custom dictionaries. So that's also something that needs to be tested, but please test it together. So [PERSON2] knows what he created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to put these two pieces of knowledge together. Ah, so that it works with the generated dictionary.
Your case: Source: Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been there, made the same mistakes. Good criticism is there to quickly correct the problem and is not aimed at your abilities. It assumes that you have the ability to fix the problem or find a solution.
<unclear/> that you like can improve your amenity result by simply appending phrase-based output and the attention is like double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so how I believe you but it's surprising that it didn't work.
And so I found myself sorting out the lineup of a raid group.
We are all such messy creatures.
Your review: Source: 3 1/2 stars Remedy is a "brother's best friend" romance as well as a second chance romance in one. It is a unique story, and the hero (Grady) must do everything to win Collins back and prove that he is the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had an incredible night together. Collins thought she would finally get everything she had dreamed of, her brother's best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him again, everything definitely changed. Now Grady is back, and he's not going away, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left and that he won't give up on her this time. While I loved the premise of this story and sometimes liked Grady, he really got on my nerves. I understand his reasons for leaving that night, but not even sending a letter to Collins to explain himself? Leaving her in the dark and hurt for years and then expecting her to take him back with open arms? Was he insane?! Collins had every right to be upset, angry, hurt, etc. She had every right to resist him when he wanted her back and to move on. I admire her willpower because Grady was persistent. I loved Collins in this book, she was strong and protected her heart, and I admired her for that. Sure, she loved Grady, but she was afraid and hesitant to let him back into her life, who wouldn't be after what he did to her? Her character was definitely my favorite of the two. She definitely let things happen at the pace she wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened. There is a lot of tension in this book, and I enjoyed watching the two reconnect as Collins began to forgive Grady. I just wish Grady hadn't come across as so whiny and had shown a little more understanding. He always said he understood, but sometimes he was a bit too pushy for me, and then he was sweet towards the end. In the end, I loved him just as much as Collins, but at the beginning of the book, I found it hard to read his perspectives because I couldn't connect with his character. The first part of this book was not my favorite, but the second part? I loved it, hence my rating. If you like second chances and "brother's best friend" romances, you might really enjoy this book, I just initially struggled with Grady and how he handled some things.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City emerged victorious from the President's Cup, defeating Shamrock Rovers 2:0. The FAI Cup winners beat last season's champions at the Brandywell thanks to first-half goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy. The Hoops pushed for a result improvement in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team held firm and won the opening match. Derry travel to St. Patrick's Athletic for the league opener next Friday. Patching's volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scored the first goal when the Foylesiders won 2-1 against the eventual champions in February.
In particular, there was discontent about the fact that Leigh Drennan, the chairman of Labour North West and assistant to the Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP for Warrington North, Charlotte Nichols, was not placed on the longlist to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with the candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have rigorous processes for who can be put on the longlist and who can be put on the shortlist."
In recent years, certain Hindu hardliners have raided stores selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and chased hand-holding couples out of restaurants and parks, insisting that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have stated that such raids help affirm a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say that his government has pushed a Hindu agenda that seeks to assert the religion's primacy in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up nearly 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists and Jains account for much of the rest.
Your case: The hatred for literature class is even worse: I love to read. I have read most of the classics before the age of eighteen - although that is more of a reflection of living in the middle of nowhere, I also read the Encyclopedia Britannica out of desperation in 1979.
Nerdy high school student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusted 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his exotic beauty turns to arrogance.
Jack Smith should win any privilege fight over the Mike Pence subpoena
One day it just appeared and suddenly it was available everywhere. I entered the Burrata dimension.
So why do people jump through extra hoops to install Google Maps?
Your case: In July 2022, California officials charged Kilcher with two crimes related to fraud in workers' compensation and accused her of illegally receiving over $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher was working on "Yellowstone," despite claiming to be too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was charged in May.
I will not provide a translation, as the sentence contains sexually explicit language that I'm not comfortable repeating. I'd be happy to assist with other translation requests that do not involve vulgar or inappropriate content.
By style transfer, Dusan, do you mean that there would be something in written language, and the target side would be in spoken language or something like that?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I outline are up for discussion, with some progress in each:
It's ThinkPad day!! I came home on my lunch break and saw that it was waiting outside uwu. I wish I could take it to work to set up even more. But that will have to wait until this evening.
Your case: Avoid Wifi connection - use Bluetooth! I bought this in October 2017 for my wife. At that time, we were in the middle of moving and living in a hotel. I couldn't connect this scale to the hotel's Wifi. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own Wifi system. March 2018 - I set up my Wifi system and this scale still doesn't connect. Every time I try, I get an error message. Even when I'm 3 meters away from the Wifi router. I followed the YouTube setup video without success. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the Wifi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a phone! I wouldn't recommend this scale to anyone because of the Wifi connection. Instead, look for systems that use Bluetooth for communication. I'm replacing this with a scale with Bluetooth connection.
(PERSON1) and then we'll figure out which packages we need to install in the Petri environment.
Wazir explained that these two tombs belong to prominent individuals who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important eras of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs is T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs of the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with distinctive inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was the overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
I was an avid reader in my youth. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all passion for fiction and great storytelling.
Your case: Casper the #Rat is an absolute unit these days. I think my new job has been good for him - two free outings a day while I work, at pretty predictable times.
Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it right. I know that.
The O'Mara case was "pretty extraordinary," Reeves said, but she admitted: "There are important lessons that the Labour Party and all political parties need to learn when selecting candidates. But I would also say that in this parliament, we have experienced the constant undermining of standards in politics, not least by a series of prime ministers, fines, parties and standards that fall far short of what one would expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do something wrong, they lose the whip. And that's simply not the case with the Conservatives."
Your case: Source: (PERSON6) So this is an important thing that we should have run into months ago. Remember that I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And every time, all of you... It's not just about you personally, [PERSON8]. Of course there were other things too. But every time you thought about it, you thought "this will be easy, we'll just run it". And only when you actually do it, you see all the problems. So, that's known, common. It's always like that. So this is a message for everyone. Before you try it, you never know what the problem will be. For example, when I had the conversation where someone was interviewing me, they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked so badly for me as it did today for the recording. So, before you do it, you can't say if it will work or not. And here we run into the problems of converting the file formats. So hopefully we can get the numbers quickly. So do you have any word error rates yet?  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Discovered the hard way that local TV station websites in 2023 are the absolute worst on the internet. Popups, automatically played videos, animations, popovers, and advertising, advertising, advertising. I know that advertising is their source of income, but all this garbage seems counterproductive if it drives people away. This also applies now, even though goatse.cx is gone, although it would be a close race for last place between goatse and, for example, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video that Wendy sent me.
Your case: Source: Your case: (PERSON3) I think this is actually an interesting question, whether we can use the restrictions to enforce this type of gender of the speaker in the translation.
Your case: Source: Jami slipped him the note as they passed each other on the way, shortly before the dog watch. She was on her way to the wall, he had just finished his shift. He looked behind him to watch her and to make sure they hadn't been seen. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the dormitory before pulling out the note and reading it in a beam of light falling through the blackout curtains. One word in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to stay calm:
Your case: One of the fans sounded unbalanced right out of the package. The speed controllers are really unpredictable -- If you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to turn them to 100% and then slowly turn them back until they start up again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be normal for most of these types of products in this price range. The feet for holding the laptop in an inclined position have broken off a few times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On a positive note, this has an ideal fan placement for laptops that draw air through vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans towards the center and provide very little additional airflow for a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Yes, if it has a short context and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that it recognizes as a poor translation after one or two seconds, for example. So it tries to use a different phrasing. To specify the matter more precisely, for example. Actually, I really liked it. I liked some of the translations. I was really amazed that while you could see the model making mistakes on the first attempt, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I also consider important. If you really demand low latency, then I think slightly lower quality is okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have poor translation quality and poor fluency, then I think the translation is simply pointless. But if the lower quality is due to the translation, when you read everything, providing the same information, but the phrasing is just poor because, for example, it uses more words and has made some corrections and so on. So I think that's perfectly fine for simultaneous translations as long as you don't lose information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, some examples? Because I'd like to look at them out of sheer curiosity.
Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering first-class Salesforce services tailored to your company's needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can help you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to ensure your business can succeed in the Salesforce ecosystem.
Your case: It's strange to do weightlifting but also have no idea what your one-rep max is, because that is one of the most important ways people track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom without a spotter or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with a lot of weights. I do bench presses on my bed. When I try to find out my one-rep max, it could be that I don't have enough weights to reach my maximum, or on the contrary, it could seriously injure/kill me. Either way, the weight is being increased today. Still feels good.
Curious, I kept an open mind to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my test iPhone (my daily device is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
The UPS Store near me does not allow me to write a label or on the box. They have to print the label.
(PERSON1) Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.
The incident occurs following an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to Britain by boat. Police have arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool turned violent. The Merseyside Police Department stated that a police officer and two civilians suffered minor injuries during the unrest on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police reported that some demonstrators threw objects and set a police vehicle on fire. The arrested individuals, aged between 13 and 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder." Merseyside Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous, and there were a few injuries among police officers."