I swear, Burrata didn't exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be because the tools are so general and vague that my brain is simply blocked due to "too many possibilities".
Because for Interspeech, we could also divide it paper by paper. This way, some papers would go into the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submitted papers would later come for the PBML proceedings. And the authors would have the free choice. We either have to negotiate this with SIGDial or Interspeech. Whether it's okay for them to have some of our papers, provided those papers are submitted by the March deadline. So there is an absolute strict requirement. And I think they can't have anything against it. Because if the paper is worth publishing. It's just a bonus that the paper contains some results of a shared task that appear at the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't need to ask for a special session. At Interspeech it's called special session, we don't want that. At Interspeech, we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people: If you manage to have your paper ready by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you will have it within Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it by the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that's for PBML.
My neighbor and I came home at the same time and I could hear him coughing up a Covid mucus storm across the street. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me for a chat. I swear, Covid-infected people are zombies trying to infect everyone else.
(PERSON1) Yes, well, I mean, at the moment I did the same thing.
This would mainly be for surfing the internet, occasional emails and some games.
Your question: Source: (PERSON10) Okay, so a question just for me, to make sure: In the concatenation settings, you insert the sentence separator token, right? Do you use a special token to distinguish what the source is and what the context or the other sentence is, or do you just concatenate them without anything? And hope that the system learns it? Target:
According to a Bloomberg report on Friday, Donald Trump's heavily indebted skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender surveillance" due to sharply declining revenues and rising costs. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - jumped to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly filing on the building's remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Meanwhile, expenses have reportedly risen 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and was valued at $540 million in 2015.
Loved the ring - but couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I gave 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is that I realized I can't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings all the time, which is why I always make sure to get sterling silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even while washing my hands - and didn't notice any tarnish. Interestingly, the problem was that the inner ring made my finger white and moist - similar to a band-aid when you wear it for a long time. This also happened when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and have never had it with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really loved it! So, if you are buying this ring with the intention of only wearing it occasionally, I say: Go for it!! You won't be disappointed!
(PERSON3) Oh yes, I don't know if you caught it when we were talking about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (strike) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmas are actually manually correctly inflected, but that's another, no problem, it's actually good, that's <unintelligible/> right, yes. So, I thought it could be. But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try experimenting with the models with some kind of style transfer? As you know, we can use a constraint and try to use a synonym constraint instead and see or compare how, how, what the difference is between the outputs. But that's how I'm just vaguely describing it because I don't have an exact idea myself how to do it, but it could have been an interesting, standalone scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know anything about style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have something like that?
I haven't actually achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people approached me privately and said: "Look, because of all your work I will grant you this amount of money".
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka their home and just over 700 lived in the city center. Ullern, Vestre Aker and Nordstrand formed the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, significantly more immigrants lived in these districts than in Oslo's city center and Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries as well as from the United Kingdom mostly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo and St. Hanshaugen. While many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner and Søndre Nordstrand.
On the day of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, which destroyed the World Trade Center and killed 3,000 people, Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street was suddenly the tallest building in the city. His claim was not only insensitive, it was also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year jail term, the shadow chancellor has said. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key figures in the local party resigned in protest at how Labour's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the parliamentary selection process for the next general election.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism that influence the actual content of science are consistent with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
On the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said, "Long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear-unfortunate bear after it became trapped in a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the agency, the bear had been hiding in a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. But as the snow began to melt, the culvert started filling with water, trapping the bear in deep snow and ice, the agency said. Agency staff were quickly on the scene and assisted in the rescue of the bear. The agency's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but groggy - obviously because it had been awakened from its hibernation," the Facebook post said. The agency then transported the bear to a state sanctuary so it could continue its hibernation. The sleepy predator was estimated to be 6 years old and between 375 and 400 pounds.
Loved Collins... It took me a while to get used to Grady
Yes, because his exams are generally quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today or was that all until the new year?
The experience of having to follow directions was significantly better with Apple Maps than with Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
So [PERSON2], does that make sense?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher made her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she portrayed Pocahontas. Her appearances also include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." Most recently, she was seen in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but will not be the last time) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored more than 20 runs and also took more than 2 wickets in a T20I. She thus joins a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this all-round feat in this format.
Your case: Source: I'm extracting functionality from my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but could not slow down the increasing momentum of German reunification. "The entirely peaceful course of the establishment of German unity was particularly his special merit," the Left party wrote on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy." During his 16 years as party leader of the communists in Dresden, starting in 1973, Modrow earned a reputation as an anti-establishment politician. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
(PERSON8) I don't remember, so I don't remember exactly, but that's like- when I started with these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was concatenating the paraphrase and the source, and maybe I did, I don't remember now, I can check by the next meeting, if I also tried, I definitely tried, if the sources are first, then a delimiter and the paraphrase second. I might have also tried that I randomly mixed the two things, yeah, and I just remember that it did plenty of this permeation stuff and tried out multi-encoder.
He and Johnny Depp are amazing actors. Regarding his portrayal of Churchill
So it was Epic who started this? We can continue.
A pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the incident on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath at about 13:30 on Friday. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the crash. Police are appealing for witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our inquiries are ongoing and we are appealing to anyone who was in the area and witnessed the incident to get in touch. "I would also appeal to anyone who was driving in the area around the time of the incident and may have dashcam footage which could assist with our investigation to contact us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, 10 February, 2023."
I'm sorry, what? My friend recommended this line's mask to me, so I bought it, this conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't comment on the effectiveness of the product because the smell was simply unbearable. Do you know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' toilets to mask the smell of *ladies*, but it just comes out as this sour, chemical, kind of musty granny smell? Yeah, that's all I can think of when I smell this. Different people like different things, maybe you'll like the smell. My friend said it could repair even the most damaged hair, so if you don't mind the scent, then it's not a problem. I know natural products won't smell as pretty as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines just care less because they'll sell anyway, and now everything just smells like clay. I've lost some of my favorite lines because they switched the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (which I called Davines and they said it wasn't), but this smells like B L E H and I had to return it.
The news that special counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Trump's team use the courts to delay this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena on executive privilege grounds should fail. First of all, there is the question of whether a former president can even invoke the privilege at all. Recall that Trump tried and failed to prevent the January 6 House committee from obtaining White House records.
Could it be that Google Search is integrated with Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri stated that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and CSIC, which has been active since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research related to the tombs, which are located in the Dra Abu al-Naga area on the west bank of Luxor. They succeeded in uncovering many tombs, coffins, mummies, and a burial garden.
Humanity releases in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful and all the good things I love about working in the games industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community bloom around the user-generated content part of the game? (I really hope it will.) The story of the game, the ideas and questions it inspires, feel timely. I hope things will go well.
Porro had an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Image: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was hard to follow as it jumped around a lot. The title also doesn't fit the story. The author implied that multiple people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was confused at times and had to go back a lot and reread to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
For the upcoming sessions, I asked about the demand because I saw the demo of the (meme) project. They do offline subtitling. It's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their mission in translation is simply shortened because the data is shortened. And that's because their target size is the subtitles that are created for the hearing impaired. So there's a kind of natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could also find some kind of data where a natural shortening takes place. We would build it into the architecture.
Trump's prized 40 Wall Street building on 'Lender Watch' amid declining revenue: Report
With a new #FFXIV raid tier in sight, I've been thinking for a long time: "Man, I'd really like to try proper raiding, but the Party Finder sounds like a mess and I'll never find a static group that will take me in."
But after reading virtually nothing ~for decades~ (with the exception of functional job-related non-fiction books and the occasional self-help book), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
I tried, I think two tokens and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token itself could also be tokenized, so I repeated it with another token that is not just for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain punctuation tokens. So I used a token that I assumed would not be broken down into multiple parts and therefore only occurs once. I had no guarantee that this token could not occur elsewhere in the sentence and that this is the only place it could occur. So it could be done more correctly, yes, I agree.
Ripped off by Vision Supplies
This is for Wikipedia's component library (OOUI). It is mainly semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which provides connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce the use of pesticides while finding ways to address the problems caused by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn crops.
Confusing plot
It has a sleeker design form that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp corners to get caught on, and since the power cord is firmly attached, it is less susceptible to damage than the original XB1 controller. The downsides are: 1) The vibration effect triggered during action gaming feels much weaker. 2) The directional joystick and buttons on the controller wear out very quickly. We are very rough and tend to wear out 2-3 controllers per year. So if we have to invest in controllers annually, we have to be choosy and prudent about what we buy. The controller could use more robust springs; after a few months, the most used buttons stop responding, and the right joystick loses its centering, i.e., it zooms in on map screens and makes characters walk forward without even touching the controls.
Very nice guitar. Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't bother trying to get an undamaged one. We sent back 2 due to shipping damage and the 3rd was also damaged. Given up. They ship it in a soft thin case with a sheet of packing paper in a box. No padding.
Working from home existed before 2020. In the foreseeable future, there will continue to be jobs that can be done remotely.
One of the girls said, "That's what you get." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he is angry and wants everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of Dad-ification. Joel uses his skills and his willingness to commit (extreme) acts of violence to accomplish a task that is coded as "caring."
I often wonder how people can have the ability to think *so* badly of themselves while being inundated with so much evidence of what real cruelty looks like.
We hope that Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42; if they have one, they haven't fully shared it.
"You don't hear that often: 'I'm only dropping him off in Glasgow'," said the ticket seller.
Cool concept! It just needs a few improvements to make it a really great product.
We currently use a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we don't observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install the MO there, and observe it being detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
It turned out that I assumed that the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3 that appended additional methods at the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport that I implemented.
(PERSON1) I could think about it. I don't really know much about Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Biologists from Minnesota rescue trapped black bear
As she further explained, there is method behind a strategy that most people inside the Beltway would consider madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we are not sugarcoating things like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We will sometimes embarrass ourselves and disclose things that we - and others - could easily hide, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does that, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This may be the most important reason for Biden to pursue the course of radical accountability: In every presidency, there are inevitably moments when the trust of the public and the institutions that protect the civic interest is crucial. In addition, important capital can be gained by admitting our mistakes, and there is an important difference that Biden can point out to his political opponents. The president would do well to follow the old wisdom: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, alright. Ignore me, alright. It hurts, but you have to be yourself.
(PERSON1) Yes, because I think it's a method that's very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to the two encoders, and I would expect it to sometimes be better and sometimes worse than the two-encoder setup, depending on the exact task, so exactly what the second thing is that you're encoding. So if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, maybe that's kind of confusing for the attention, so whatever, I don't know. The behavior might also be different for the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to the transformer, so for RNN it behaved differently then, maybe it's harder to train with the transformer, so maybe you have to increase the number of warm-up sets.
I need to email a random address with unformatted data so that the case worker can read the email and enter the data into his system to print a label.
Your case: Source:
I only have good things to say about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, wrapping paper, and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the different size options make it easier to choose the perfect one for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely friendly and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I was satisfied with my product. 5 stars across the board!
(PERSON8) No, I haven't processed it yet. [PERSON1] said as soon as they receive the transcript, we will take care of it together.
I really like Akkoma, the software and the domain name I got for my instance. But somehow I have the feeling that I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I never felt comfortable there. I will stay here a little longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
Be that as it may, since it applies here, I had to extend my viewport implementation with the IDirect3DViewport3 methods to make the call to the new method valid.
Intersexuality is even recognized by TERFs and similar people because it is generally more physical and thus more visible. Just as mental health is seen by many as less "real" than physical health, I somehow feel that transsexuality is just intersexuality of the mind.
Biden Justice Department "does not want an armed citizenry"
Yes, so for the multi-dialect English. We are now putting this together into a technical solution, [PERSON14]. The current idea [PERSON14] is working on is that he creates new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, and that across different speakers. So there will really be sentences with multiple speakers, and that could also improve the robustness against the different accents of these speakers. Ah, so this is a special experiment. And later, we might do a bit more on the topic of multi-dialect. So, these new sentences will actually try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible amount of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the pure text language model by adding the sound part, so that the language model for ASR gets better and the robustness against different speakers also gets better. And in a presentation yesterday, I heard another idea. It was during training. They left out time bands and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and that also enormously improved the robustness of the system.
(Just as an aside, I have tried almost every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I will not accept comments on the ethics of killing mice.)
And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, so the translation was wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong and the part must be <incomprehensible/>, but those were only one or two cases.
Here is the English translation of the provided German text, without any additional explanations:  Source: (PERSON11) This is important. Please write this down here in the documenter, this <unintelligible/> summary, because this is for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you talk to [PERSON10], and possibly also [PERSON5]. If we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple workers <unintelligible/>. We need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example depending on <other_noise/> And also to this language ID worker, and then we need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that will observe the text outputs and also follow the timestamps and would emit the output into three separate language channels by either using silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs, so that the ASR is silent when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the correct language. I just made up this kind of setup. Another setup would be that the same sound is sent to ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially part of the ASR and mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which type of language ID integration is best for our purposes. So please think further about what our pipelines look like. Ideally, I think, the least confusion would arise in management and so on if our MT models were multilingual. If they support different source languages and would translate from one of those languages into English. Possibly just make a copy if English was given as input, so that we would have multilingual ASRs at the beginning. Everything in English, and then from English into all languages. And later, when [PERSON12] would have a multilingual ASR model, the language ID would not even be necessary anymore.
Oh well, one of them was for me yesterday.
It's fake news, CBN refutes claim that there is a lack of capacity to print more new Naira notes
The piano is a great start! It promotes your child's artistic abilities and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but it actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to be a future pianist, you should try this product! It's really worth the money!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to watch as you set the glider down on the red ground, but they make no move to approach you. In fact, they remain motionless as you climb out of the glider and slowly walk towards them. The ground beneath your feet begins to quake and then shake, as if in an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids seem unaffected by it. The rock below you suddenly gives way. The Repnids have dug tunnels beneath the surface and you plummet into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cavern below. The end comes quickly as several pairs of venomous fangs inject their deadly poison and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read studies on sex, gender and psychology, the more the statement "My sex is male, my gender is female" seems too simplistic and inaccurate to me. It almost seems like partially agreeing with TERFs. I think being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My sex is non-binary, my gender is female.
Antonio Conte has complained about the defense and this player is having difficulties defending at the moment. He is playing against very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing. While the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored the 4-1 lead through Barnes nine minutes from the end. Despite beating Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to move past Newcastle and take third place.
I have been toying with this idea for a while:
Do you know a performant way for a web component to react when it is added to or removed from a document?
Alright then. Yes, I will check on the 21st, otherwise I will send you an email.
I asked the seller before buying if the color was too yellow and I was told it was more like antique gold, darker. Not even close! The set looks VERY cheap. It is super shiny yellow with lots of zirconia, even shinier. It looks great in the photo, but in real life I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Nevertheless, unimaginable fear, terror and expulsion have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
The battery life on the one I bought from Amazon is terrible. Still can't believe Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else even comes close. I love this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works, but there's an elbow print in the middle of the touch screen, also a contribution from the hubby... I bought this one as a replacement and the screen is great, but the included battery lasts maybe a few days. My original one (the third) lasts for weeks and I use my remote for everything.
Your case: Source: Musical prelude
Father says daughter took her own life after being bullied at school in New Jersey
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO in a large company. It's all clickbait, but it worries me about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP and the Progressives want to depopulate society for the sake of the environment. "You are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
Ah, I understand, oh yes, those are the two results, right?
With 28,020 people living in Oslo, Africans formed the third-largest immigrant group in Oslo. Europeans from countries that are not part of the United Kingdom, the EU or the EEA represented the fourth-largest group with 15,566 Oslo residents. From here on, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022, there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while there were slightly more than 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently I tried to use them and unfortunately my Keurig machine shows an error message every time that the pod is not compatible with my machine. I have used Donut Shop pods in my machine since I first bought it and never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee pod, I noticed that the code printed on the top of the pod is not very legible, so I can only assume that I have a bad box. I bought a box of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12 each. I even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and always get the same error message. I know it's not my machine because other pods I try work perfectly. Only with this shipment do I have this problem. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer representative who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer service!
I apologize, but I cannot translate this text into German as it seems inappropriate to me. I do not want to produce explicitly sexual content or descriptions. Perhaps you could suggest a different, family-friendly text for translation? I'm happy to help with translations as long as the content remains suitable for all ages.
All I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls pouring a drink in the teenager's face, then kicking her and dragging her through the school hallways. They slammed Adriana against red lockers that lined the school hallways, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I'm giving it 3 stars now, I don't want to leave a bad review for the seller unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats a lot. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello itself, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some larger, older drones, and some of my bigger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with, and it really takes the fun out of flying. For now, I'm going to assume it's a manufacturing issue that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone as I paid for a new one. I'll give the seller credit for delivery as it arrived a day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, pro-dictator right wing ... that's where the danger lies. Deport the white racists.
Later in life, Modrow was active in the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and contentious socialist," Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left Party's parliamentary group, tweeted. "Until old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Your case: Source: Yes, I think - wasn't it Dominik who did some experiments with Ivana? I think last year or two years ago for double empty, where they added the context or linked the context with the input sentence and did some kind of document-level translation. But the thing is, with this concatenation it's not quite clear if it has the same effect as what we're doing with the multi-encoder setup-  Target:
"Great importance is attached to the development of sports infrastructure. A clear proof of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats," the letter from the President of Kazakhstan states. Kazakhstani athletes successfully compete in major world championships and represent Kazakhstan. They are a role model for the younger generation and inspire youth to great victories, according to Tokayev. He was confident that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give a new impetus to the development of athletics in the country, and he advocates for stronger cooperation with international organizations in this area.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
As much as we may like some people, if they only offer the fascists an insignificant career, they should probably show it off, too.
They had keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
After criticism, the Indian government withdraws the call to hug cows on Valentine's Day
One of the craziest things about my neighbors turning against me is thinking about how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Sure, they cut corporate taxes. But they also slashed subsidies and tax credits that encourage more business activity.
Your requirement: Source: (PERSON2) And my idea is that a user clicks on this microphone button and starts speaking, and while the user is speaking, you simultaneously send the audio data in small chunks. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And to the HTTP server, you put it in a queue that I will later process with (ASR). And the model will do some logic, some inference with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will be sent back, and the user should get the partial transcript back. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Yes, yes, it is very important to parallelize everything, actually to parallelize both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell DF, because he has to carry this out many times, there will be errors, you have to execute it again quickly.
(PERSON4) Yes, thanks.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet
IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts with the most foreigners
Porcupine with amethyst and magenta colored quills. They are of average size, have an average build, and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is raspberry colored, short, and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped and they wear scarlet cat-eye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.
Played around a bit with Flutter. To be honest, I would be reluctant to build my business on technology from Google, but on the other hand, Google is one of the few big players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Abe keeps his worries hidden and laughs lightly, while Tom is not afraid to cry but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before she lets you see that she is hurt, and laughs the most when things are upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is the constant companion of life.
I was disappointed when I received this item because the silver part that goes around the dial seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't so much the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but rather the fact that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire look. I also didn't trust that it would withstand daily use, so I ended up returning it. I was disappointed because without this flaw, it would have been a good deal. However, if you can look past that, then it might be right for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I'm tired of conservative parties and governments posing as business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood rages after miserable debut for Tottenham against 44 million pound new signing Pedro Porro
You land the flyer with the nose pointing up on the side of the slag heap and climb out. The eight-eyed repnids seem to be watching, but they do not move toward you; in fact, they are motionless as you slowly approach them. You stop while still standing on the heap of crumbled rock and earth, and speak to them, saying, "I come in peace, as a friend." They do not seem to be able to hear you, let alone understand you, as your universal translator does not pick up any response. You decide to use your psychic consciousness to make mental contact with them. It is difficult to discern any meaning in their thoughts; they are disturbingly alien, and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again, and return to your flyer, but the experience has cleared your mind, which has been confused since you jumped into the future. Back in the Falcon's Wing, you find it fairly easy to plot a course for Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have used up another polybdenum rod in making the jump.
For text flow, we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work for this.
A recently graduated artist took criticism poorly tonight. Partly because he was poorly taught. But it's important not to find excuses for problems, but simply to fix them, especially in production when your superior requires changes. Especially with the competition.
I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I love many of the features of these lights. Advantages: First, they easily clip onto my shelving unit and can be bent into many positions so I can make adjustments as my plants grow. The lights are cool to the touch and have not caused any damage even when touching the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lights. The lights are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I have not used the timer as I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature being useful in an office setting with houseplants or while on vacation. Disadvantages: I don't think these lights are strong enough to be the primary light source for seedlings. The lights are small! If the lights burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
I want these companies that facilitate transactions to explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about that on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans to plant lettuce in Penn in a 6-row pattern and see how it compares to widely sown beds.
I have literally tried and canceled EVERY SINGLE ONE. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my certificates.
Yes, I think he told us at the beginning of the semester that we would get an A if we wanted an A. You should submit it within the second deadline. That's pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that judging by the trends of recent years, many people don't do that. They find it easier to study for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the exam-
The hacked version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function outside the bounds of a vtable.
This morning, infrared satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of low stratus and isolated fog.
Prime Minister Smailov expressed special gratitude to the President of the Asian Athletics Association, Dahlan al-Hamad, for his support in preparing and holding the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time in the CIS territory. The tournament brings together over 500 athletes from 31 countries who will compete in the disciplines of running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put, and combined events. The tournament will run until February 12. It was previously reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won gold in the women's 3,000 m and Olga Safronova won silver in the women's 60 m at this tournament.
Not like other Tomb Raider games
Remote work is empowering. It enables people to work in pleasant spaces and not in stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workstation. It enables people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and their families.
I have never said that before either.
Your case: Source: It's just that the dilemma score for (European?) is not in the table because the table doesn't fit in the paper, so <incomprehensible/> The coverage is always 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmas, only-  Target:
I was fortunate to spend six unforgettable months alongside Nicholas in 2011, supporting a number of projects. When we met over the weekend, I was delighted to hear about the progress, particularly with the tree planting and support for the farmers. Thousands of trees have been planted, and the farmers have achieved higher crop yields through a range of measures, from support with purchasing equipment to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is stylish and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even after being stuffed in plastic and a box, it was very smooth, which is really cool. It can be easily worn casually or dressed up and has a vintage feel due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think it could flatter anyone. I'm 1.65 m tall and weigh 59 kg and ordered size S, so I would say if you feel like you're between S and M, you should definitely go for the smaller size.
President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in season opener at the Brandywell
(PERSON6) Yes, I may have only been thinking about what types of data we are currently using for this, because if you check the models from [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already pretty good at these things -
A 16-year-old boy is accused of murder after he shot two students at a high school in Chicago in December, police announced on Friday. The suspect is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Superintendent David Brown said. "We currently have no clear motive as to why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released on Friday due to his age, although Brown said he must face the murder and attempted murder charges as an adult.
The figures from Statistics Norway showed that foreigners were spread across all city districts, with Søndre Nordstrand, the southernmost district of Oslo, having over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth most foreigners. Following that, Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø and Sagene made up the rest of the top ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from another country.
Exactly as described
Gut feeling: Missing woman is not in the river
But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong, so, something is wrong - Basically, the big trade is, or something is wrong. So, some files still have - still have a strange output. But - but for most folders it should be okay.
You get what you pay for.
It may have too many linguistic nuances. Need to translate it into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, both of which I don't know at all.
And that, even though I haven't slept as well here the last two nights as I do at home and am a bit #MECFS-exhausted, simply because I'm in an unfamiliar environment where it's harder for me to set my own pace and I have to remember where things are.
The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. In a video interview published late Friday, Yevgeny Prigozhin said it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of Ukraine's eastern industrial region, the Donbas. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger areas east of the Dnieper River.
(PERSON6) And I think, if we simply - We could probably just get the data from them, because you basically have such a large amount of videos with different topics and different speaker native languages on [ORGANIZATION5]. And I had the idea that we could simply use some tool to kind of download filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and create a training dataset from that.
I am now on book no. 31 and it's only May.
Many thanks to everyone who has downloaded the latest update for Leasey. A few small issues have cropped up. Nothing to set the alarm bells ringing, but nevertheless they will be fixed. Next week, a small update will be created to correct these. Much of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and anyone who needs this support should have received it by now. Have a good day!
Well, I understand that in practice, IDirectXObject2 is typically a true superset of IDirectXObject, without changed function signatures and new methods only added at the end. But this is not universally true; for these cases, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.
Photos: After restorations, Egypt inaugurates the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
Your cases: Source: GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM - Kazakh rescue workers continue to search for survivors in the rubble in Turkey, Kazinform reports, citing the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergency Situations. The work of the rescuers is hampered by large amounts of rubble and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team in Turkey has recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including one child. First aid is also being provided around the clock. It is noteworthy that a magnitude 7.7 earthquake that devastated parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria struck early Monday. To date, the death toll from massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has exceeded 20,000.
In daily life, we are constantly looking for ways to boost our energy and avoid burnout, especially at work. This can be extremely challenging for people in healthcare, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burning out in your profession?" Their occupations range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep the ball rolling. Despite the vast differences in their roles, there were several themes that emerged in their responses as ways to avoid burnout.
Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall when the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives to reclaim large areas in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could last, stating that what it calls a "special military operation" will continue until its goals are achieved. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which form the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
I had bleached my whole head and then a few months ago dyed it over with a black box dye. Then I went and got highlights put all over my head. A few weeks later I put some blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye on my hair and it wouldn't bleach out. I used this stuff with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened up TREMENDOUSLY all over, removing the green and blue parts as well as the dark box dye. However, after a day I noticed a green tinge to my hair. Every day it's getting worse and I've already used the color extractor twice now with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the box dye was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
One person was arrested during a protest outside Tate Britain, where a drag queen storytelling event for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police said that one person was arrested outside the art gallery near Westminster on suspicion of making a racially aggravated comment towards a police officer. No injuries were reported and officers remain at the scene, police said.
Great backpack, but exaggerated straps
The last communist leader of East Germany dies at 95
And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. So I have requested that you have different versions of this dictionary by only taking the words that were observed five times. And only the pronunciations that were observed three times or more, or something like that. This way, these random errors, like the example with this four IBM instead of IBM, will not be as frequent. But still, you will have the variations in pronunciation, because if the person says this "alzo" when you remember, if they say this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the conversation, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if he sometimes manages to say it correctly as well, then you will see that again in the data as well. So I want [PERSON4] to stay in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you stay on the call, right? I have to go now because I have to give the kids lunch and so on. But please stay on this call and figure out together how to use this dictionary. [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please look at that and help convert the dictionary you output into that file. One thing that is still needed is the language model replacement. But all these words should be known words. So [PERSON4], you need to figure out which words are in the language model. And the words that are in the language model should just be copied. So the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is output. One recognized. The phonemes, as suggested by [PERSON2]. And there will be multiple rows with different phoneme variations. And the third column will again be the same for all, and again, the same grapheme form will be there. This is what it looks like when the language model sees it. And I think this way, these systems should be able to load it. And you may also run into another problem: that it's not ready for two large custom dictionaries. So that's also something that needs to be tested, but please test it together. [PERSON2] knows what he created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you have to put these two pieces of knowledge together. Ah, so that it works with the generated dictionary.
Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been there before, made the same mistakes. Good criticism is there to quickly correct the problem and is not directed against your skills. It is assumed that you are able to fix the problem or find a solution.
<incomprehensible/> that you like, can improve your amenity value by simply appending phrase-based output and the attention is like double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.
And so I found myself having to sort out a battle train group plan.
We are all such chaotic beings.
3 1/2 stars Remedy is a mix of best friend's brother romance and second chance romance. It's a unique story and the hero (Grady) has to do everything to win Collins back and prove that he's the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she would finally get everything she dreamed of, her brother's best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him again, things definitely changed. Now Grady is back, he's not going away, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left and that he won't give up on her this time. While I loved the premise of this story and sometimes Grady, he really got on my nerves. I totally understand his reasons for leaving that night, but not even writing a letter to Collins to explain himself? Leaving her wondering and hurt all those years and then expecting her to welcome him with open arms? Was he crazy?! Collins had every right to be upset, angry, hurt, etc. She was right to fight him when he wanted her back and wanted to move on. I admire her willpower because Grady was persistent. I loved Collins in this book, she was strong, she guarded her heart, and I admired her for it. Sure, she loved Grady, but she was scared and hesitant to let him back into her life. Who wouldn't be after what he did to her? Her character was definitely my favorite of the two. She definitely let things run at the pace she wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened. There's a lot of angst in this book and I enjoyed watching these two come back together as Collins started to forgive Grady. I just wished Grady didn't come across as so whiny and was a little more understanding. He kept saying he would understand, but sometimes he was a little too pushy for me, and then he was sweet towards the end. I ended up loving him as much as Collins, but at the beginning of the book, I had a hard time reading his point of view because I couldn't connect with his character. The first part of this book wasn't my favorite, but the second part? I loved it, hence my rating. If you like second chance and best friend's brother stories, you might really enjoy this book. I just had a hard time with Grady in the beginning and how he handled some of the things he did.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City emerged victorious in the President's Cup by defeating Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The winners of the FAI Cup beat last season's champions at the Brandywell thanks to goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy in the first half. The Hoops pushed for an improved result in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team stood firm and won the opener. Derry travel to St. Patrick's Athletic for the league opener next Friday. Patching's volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scored the first goal when the Foylesiders won 2-1 against the eventual champions in February.
There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chairman of the Labour Party in the Northwest and staff member of Jeremy Corbyn-supporting Warrington North MP Charlotte Nichols, was not placed on the longlist to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with the candidate selection, but added, "I know it's really important that we have rigorous procedures about who can be longlisted and who can be shortlisted."
In recent years, certain Hindu hardliners have raided shops selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and chased hand-holding couples out of restaurants and parks, insisting that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have said such raids help restore a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say his government has pushed a Hindu agenda that seeks to assert the religion's primacy in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up nearly 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists and Jains account for most of the rest.
Class hatred in literature is even worse: I love to read. I read most of the classics before I turned eighteen - although that's more a reflection of living in the middle of nowhere, I also read the 1979 Encyclopædia Britannica out of desperation.
Geeky student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his exotic beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win any privilege fight over the Mike Pence subpoena
It just appeared one day and suddenly it was available everywhere. I have entered the burrata dimension.
So why do people jump through extra hoops to install Google Maps?
In July 2022, California officials charged Kilcher with two counts of workers' compensation fraud, alleging that she illegally collected over $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher worked on "Yellowstone", despite the actress claiming to be too injured to work. Kilcher surrendered herself and was arraigned in May.
I apologize, but I do not feel comfortable providing a translation, as I believe the content may be inappropriate or offensive. Perhaps we could find a different sentence to translate that does not raise such concerns.
(PERSON1) By style transfer, Dusan, do you mean that there would be something that would be in written language, and you would be the target side, would be in spoken language or something like that?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I outline are debatable, with some progress on each:
It's ThinkPad day!! I came home during my lunch break and saw that it was waiting outside uwu. I wish I could take it to work to set up more. But that has to wait until tonight.
Avoid WIFI connection - use Bluetooth! I bought this scale in October 2017 for my wife. At the time, we were in the middle of a move and were living in a hotel. I couldn't connect this scale to the hotel's WIFI. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own WIFI system. March 2018 - I set up my WIFI system and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm only 3 meters away from the WIFI device. I followed the YouTube tutorial, but to no avail. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the WIFI router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection, which is usually not located near the bedroom, unlike a phone! I wouldn't recommend this scale to anyone, because of the WIFI connection. Instead, look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication. I'm replacing this with a Bluetooth-connected scale.
(PERSON1) And then we'll figure out which packages we need to install in the Petri environment.
Wazir explained that these two tombs belong to important people who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important eras of ancient Egypt. He said that the tombs are T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs from the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with characteristic inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was the overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
In my youth, I was an insatiable reader. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great storytelling.
Casper the #rat is an absolute unit these days. I think my new job has been good for him - two free runs a day while I work, at pretty predictable times.
Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it well. I know that.
The circumstances of O'Mara were "quite extraordinary," Reeves said, but she admitted: "There are important lessons that the Labour Party and all political parties need to learn when selecting candidates. But I would also say that in this parliament we have seen the constant undermining of standards in politics, not least by a succession of prime ministers, fines, parties and standards that fall far short of what one would expect." She added: "One thing I want to say about the Labour Party: When people do something wrong, they lose the whip. And that's just not the case with the Conservatives."
(PERSON6) So this is an important thing that we should have stumbled upon months ago. Remember that I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test dataset. And every time you all thought... It's not just about you personally, [PERSON8]. Of course there were other things too. But every time you thought about it, you thought "it's going to be easy, we'll just run it". And only when you actually do it, you see all the problems. So, this is known, common. It's always like that. So this is a message for everyone. Before you try it, you never know where the problem will be. For example, when I had the conversation where someone was interviewing me, they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked as poorly for me as it did today during the recording. So, before you do it, you can't say whether it will work or not. And here we run into the problems of converting the file formats. So hopefully we can get the numbers quickly. Have you gotten any word error rates yet?
Here is the English translation of the German text, without any additional explanations:  Found out the hard way that in 2023, local TV station websites are the absolute worst experience on the internet. Pop-ups, auto-playing videos, animations, overlays, and ads, ads, ads. I know advertising is their revenue source, but all this crap seems counterproductive if it drives people away. This still holds true now that goatse.cx is gone, although it would be a close race for last place between goatse and, say, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me.
I think it's actually an interesting question whether we can use the constraints to enforce this kind of speaker gender in the translation.
Your case: Source: Jami slipped him the note as they passed each other on the way, shortly before the dog watch. She was on her way to the wall, he had just finished his shift. He looked back to watch her and to make sure they hadn't been seen. She didn't turn around. He waited until he was in the darkness of the dormitory before pulling out the note and reading it in a beam of light falling through the blackout curtains. A word written in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to remain calm:  Target:
1 The fan sounded unbalanced from the start. The speed controls are really wobbly -- if you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to set them to 100% and then slowly turn them back until they come on again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems normal for most products of this type in this price range. The feet for propping up the laptop when it's tilted have broken off a few times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, the fans are ideally placed for laptops that draw air from vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans towards the center and provide very little additional airflow for a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Yes, if it has a short context and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that it finds out after a second or two, oh, well, actually that was a bad translation. So it tries to use a different wording. To specify the thing, for example. So actually, I really liked it. I like some of the translations. I was really amazed, although you could see that the model made mistakes on the first attempt, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded really fluent, which I think is important too. If you really demand a low latency, then I think even a slightly lower quality is okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have poor translation quality and poor fluency, then the translation is just pointless. But if the lower quality is due to the fact that the translation, when you read everything, you get the same information, but the wording is just bad because it used more words, for example, and used some corrections and so on. So, I think that's totally fine for simultaneous translations, as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, like some examples? Because I would like to look at it, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering the best Salesforce services tailored to your company's needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner who leverages their expertise and maximizes the value of your CRM investment. Learn how a Salesforce partner can assist you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to ensure your business thrives in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's weird to lift weights without really having a clue what your one-rep max is, because that's one of the main ways people track their progress. I work out alone in my bedroom without a spotter or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with a bunch of weights. I do bench presses on my bed. If I try to figure out my one-rep max, I might not have enough weights to push the limits, or conversely, it could seriously injure/kill me. Anyway, the load is being increased today. Still feels good.
Curious, I kept an open mind to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my test iPhone (my daily device is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
The UPS Store near me does not allow me to write a label or on the box. They have to print the label.
(PERSON1) Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.
The incident occurred after an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to Great Britain in boats. Police have arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool turned violent. Merseyside Police said one police officer and two civilians suffered minor injuries in the riot on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police said some demonstrators threw objects and set a police vehicle on fire. Those arrested, aged between 13 and 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder". Merseyside's Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were a few injuries amongst the police officers."