I swear, Burrata didn't exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be because the tools are so general and vague that my brain just freezes because there are "too many possibilities".
Because for Interspeech, we could also split it up paper by paper. So that some papers would go into the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submissions would come later for the PBML proceedings. And the authors would have the free choice. So we either have to negotiate this with SIGDial or Interspeech. If it's okay for them to have some of our papers, provided that these papers are submitted by the March deadline. So there is an absolute strict requirement. And I think they can't object to that. Because if the paper is worth publishing. It's just a bonus if the paper contains some shared task results that appear at the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't have to ask for a special session. At Interspeech it's called a special session, we don't want that. At Interspeech we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people: If you manage to have your paper ready by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you will have it at Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it by the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that's for PBML.
My neighbor and I got home at the same time and I could hear him coughing up a Covid mucus storm from across the street. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me for a chat. I swear, Covid-infected people are zombies trying to infect everyone else.
Yes, well, I mean, at the moment I have done the same thing.
That would be mainly for surfing the internet, occasional emails and some games.
(PERSON10) Just a question to make sure: In the concatenation settings, you insert the sentence separator token, right? Do you have a special token to distinguish what is the source and what is the context or the other sentence, or do you just concatenate them without anything and hope that the system learns it?
Donald Trump's heavily mortgaged skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender surveillance" due to plummeting revenue and rising costs, Bloomberg reported on Friday. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly notice regarding the building's remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reports. Meanwhile, expenses have allegedly risen by 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and was valued at $540 million in 2015.
I loved the ring - but couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I gave it 3 stars and ended up returning the product is that I found I couldn't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings all the time, so I always make sure to get sterling silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even when washing my hands - and didn't notice any discoloration. Interestingly, the problem was that the inner ring band actually made my finger turn white and moist - similar to a bandage when you wear it for a long time. This also happened when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and have never had it with any other ring, but it got uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really liked it! So if you're buying this ring with the intention of only wearing it occasionally, then I say: Go for it!! You won't be disappointed!
Your case: Source: (PERSON3) Oh yes, I just don't know if you, if you heard when we were talking about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (stroke) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmas are actually correctly inflected manually, but that's a different, not a problem, it's actually good that it <incomprehensible/> is correct, yes. So, I thought it could be. But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try to experiment with some kind of style transfer with the models. As you know, we can use a constraint and try to use a synonym constraint instead and see or compare how, how, what the difference is between the outputs. But that's like I'm only describing it vaguely because I myself don't have an exact idea how to do it, but it could be an interesting, standalone scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know anything about style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have anything like that?
I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people approached me privately and said, "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to grant you this amount of money."
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka home and just over 700 lived in the city center. Ullern, Vestre Aker and Nordstrand formed the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, significantly more immigrants lived in these districts than in downtown Oslo and Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries as well as the United Kingdom mostly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo and St. Hanshaugen. While many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered as residents of the Alna, Stovner and Søndre Nordstrand districts.
On the day of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, which destroyed the World Trade Center and killed 3,000 people, Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street was suddenly the tallest building in the city. His claim was not only insensitive, it was also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year jail term, the shadow chancellor said. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key figures in the local party resigned in protest at the way Labour's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the parliamentary selection process for the next general election.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism that influence the actual content of science are compatible with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
In the first train today, the conductor checked our tickets and said "Long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear-unfortunate bear after it became trapped in a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the agency, the bear had crawled into a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. But as the snow began to melt, the culvert began to flood and the bear became trapped in deep snow and ice, according to the agency. Agency staff quickly rushed to the scene and helped free the bear. The agency's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but groggy - obviously from being woken up from hibernation," the Facebook post said. The agency then took the bear to a state wildlife sanctuary so it could continue its hibernation. The sleepy predator was estimated to be 6 years old and between 375 and 400 pounds.
I liked Collins... It took me a while to get used to Grady.
Yes, because his exams are generally quite easy.
Do we have any further topics to discuss today or was that all until the new year?
The experience of having to follow instructions was significantly better with Apple Maps than with Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
[PERSON2], does that make sense to you?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher had her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she portrayed Pocahontas. Her other successes include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." Most recently, she was seen in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but not the last time) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored more than 20 runs and took more than 2 wickets in the same T20I. This puts her in a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this all-round feat in this format.
Your case: Source: Me, as I move the functionality of my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but could not slow down the increasing momentum of German reunification. "The entire peaceful course of the establishment of German unity was precisely his special achievement," the Left Party wrote on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy." During his 16-year tenure as party leader of the Communists in Dresden from 1973, Modrow earned a reputation as an anti-establishment politician. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
(PERSON8) I don't remember, so I don't remember exactly, but that's like- when I started with these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was concatenating the paraphrase and the source and maybe I did, I don't remember now, I can check until the next meeting, if I also tried, I definitely tried, if the sources are first, then some separators and the paraphrase second. I may have also tried that I randomly mixed the two things, yes, and I only remember that it did this permeation thing abundantly and tried out multi-encoder.
He and Johnny Depp are great actors. As for his portrayal of Churchill
Did Epic launch this? We can keep going.
A pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath at around 1:30 p.m. on Friday. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the incident. Police are asking witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our enquiries are ongoing and we are asking anyone who was in the area and witnessed the incident to get in touch." I would also ask anyone who was driving in the area and may have dashcam footage which could assist our investigation to contact us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, 10 February, 2023."
I'm sorry, what? My friend recommended this line's mask, so I bought this, the conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't say anything about the effectiveness of the product because the smell was simply unbearable. You know that musty smell old buildings use in ladies' restrooms to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but it just comes across as this sour, chemical, somehow musty grandma smell? Yeah, that's all I can think of when I smell it. You know, different tastes, different people, maybe you like the smell. My friend said it could even repair the most damaged hair, so if you don't mind the scent, don't worry. I know natural products don't smell as pretty as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines care less and less as they sell anyway and now everything just smells like play dough. I've lost a few favorite lines because they switched the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (which I called Davines and they said it wasn't), but it smells like E W W and I had to return it.
The news that special counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will the Trump team use the courts to thwart this latest development in the Justice Department investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart the Pence subpoena on executive privilege grounds should fail. First, there is the fundamental question of whether a former president can even claim the privilege at all. Remember that Trump tried and failed to stop the January 6th House committee from obtaining White House records.
Could it be that Google Search is linked to Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of the restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and the CSIC, which has been active since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs, which are located in the Dra Abu al-Naga area on the west bank of Luxor. They succeeded in uncovering many tombs, coffins, mummies, and a burial garden.
Humanity launches in five days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working in the games industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community form around the user-generated content part of the game? (I really hope so.) The game's story, the ideas and questions it inspires, feel timely. I hope it all goes well.
Porro had an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Photo: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was hard to follow as it jumped back and forth a lot. The title doesn't fit the story either. The author implied that multiple people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was sometimes confused and had to go back a lot to reread to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
(PERSON6) For the upcoming sessions, I asked about the demand after seeing the demo of the (meme) project. They do offline subtitling. So it's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation issues and so on. But their translation mission just gets shorter because the data gets shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles being created for the hearing impaired. So there's a natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could also find that kind of data where a natural shortening occurs. We would build it into the architecture.
Trump's prized 40 Wall Street property put on 'lender watch' amid declining revenues: report
With a new #FFXIV raid tier in sight, I've long been thinking: "Man, I'd love to try real raiding, but the Party Finder sounds like a mess and I'll never find a static group that will take me in."
But after reading virtually nothing for decades (with the exception of functional job-related non-fiction books and the occasional self-help book), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
I tried, I estimate two tokens and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token itself could also be tokenized, I then repeated it with a different token that is not just for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary and this dictionary did not contain separation tokens. So I used a token that I assumed would not be broken down into multiple parts and thus only occurs once. I had no guarantee that this token could not appear elsewhere in the sentence and that it is the only place it could appear. So yes, I agree that this could have been done more cleanly.
Ripped off by Vision Supplies
This is for Wikipedia's component library (OOUI). It is mostly semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which provide connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce pesticide use while finding ways to address problems caused by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn crops.
Confusing plot
It has a slimmer shape that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp edges to get caught on, and since the power cable is firmly attached, it is far less susceptible to damage than the original XB1 controller. The downsides are: 1) The vibration effect triggered during action gaming feels much weaker. 2) The directional joystick and controller buttons wear out very quickly. We are very uncoordinated and tend to wear out 2-3 controllers per year. For us, this means we have to invest in controllers annually and be selective and careful with our purchases. The controller could use more durable springs; after a few months, the most used buttons stop responding and the right joystick loses its centering, i.e., it zooms in on map screens and makes characters run forward without even touching the controls.
Very nice guitar. Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't bother trying to get an undamaged one. We returned 2 due to shipping damage and the third one was also damaged. Gave up. They ship them in the soft thin case with a sheet of packing paper in a box. No padding.
There was remote work before 2020. There will also be jobs in the foreseeable future that can be done remotely.
One of the girls said, "That's what you get." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he is angry and wants everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of dad-ification. Joel uses his skills and his willingness to commit (extreme) acts of violence to fulfill a task that is coded as "caring."
I often wonder how man possesses the ability to think *so* badly of himself while being flooded with so much evidence of real cruelty.
We hope that Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42; if they have one, they haven't fully communicated it.
"You don't hear that often: 'I'm only dropping him off in Glasgow'," said the ticket inspector.
Cool idea! Just needs a few improvements to become a really fantastic product.
We currently use a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we do not observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install the MO there, and watch for it to be detached (and thus appended elsewhere).
It turned out that I assumed that calling IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3 that appended additional methods at the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport that I implemented.
I could think about it. I don't really know much about Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Biologists from Minnesota rescue trapped black bear
As she further explained, there is method in a strategy that most people inside the Beltway would consider madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we are not sugarcoating things like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We will sometimes be embarrassed and disclose things that we - and others - could easily hide, but we will shock the press with our honesty. Nobody else is doing this, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This is perhaps the most important reason for Biden to follow the course of radical accountability: In every presidency, there are inevitably moments when the trust of the public and the institutions that protect the civic interest is crucial. In addition, important capital can be gained by admitting our mistakes, and there is an important distinction that Biden can draw to his political opponents. The president would do well to follow the old wisdom: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, alright. Ignore me, alright. It hurts, but you have to be yourself.
Yes, because I think it's a method that's very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to the two encoders, and I would expect it to sometimes be better and sometimes worse than the two-encoder setup, depending on the exact task, so exactly what the second thing is that you're encoding. So if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it might be kind of confusing for the attention, so whatever, I don't know. The behavior might also be different for the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to Transformer, so for RNN it would then behave differently, maybe it's harder to train with Transformer, so maybe you have to increase the number of warmup sets.
I have to email an arbitrary address with unformatted data so that the clerk can read the email and enter it into his system to print a label.
Your case: Source:
I only have good things to say about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, wrapping paper, and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the different size options make it easier to choose the perfect one for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely friendly and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I was satisfied with my product. 5 stars all around!
No, I haven't worked on it yet. [PERSON1] said as soon as they have the transcript, we will do it together.
I really like Akkoma, the software and the domain name I got for my instance. But somehow I have the feeling that I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I never felt comfortable there. I will stay here a little longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
Anyway, since it applies here, I had to extend my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods so that the call to the new one was valid.
Intersex is recognized even by TERFs and the like because it is usually physical and therefore more visible. Just as mental health is seen by many as less "real" than physical health, I somehow feel that transsexuality is merely intersexuality of the mind.
Biden Justice Department "does not want an armed citizenry"
Yes, so for the English with multiple accents. So, we are now combining this [PERSON14] into a technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he creates new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, across speakers. So there will really be sentences with multiple speakers, and through that, the robustness against the different accents of these speakers could also be improved. Ah, so this is a specific experiment. And later, we might do a bit more on the topic of multi-accent. So, these new sentences will actually try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible amount of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the pure text language model by adding the sound part, so that the language model for the ASR gets better and the robustness against different speakers also gets better. And in a presentation yesterday, I heard another idea. It was during training. They left out time and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and that also improved the robustness of the system enormously.
Your case: Source: (Just by the way, I've tried almost every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I will not be taking comments on the ethics of killing mice.)
(PERSON4) And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, so the translation was wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong and the part has to be <incomprehensible/>, but that was only the case in one or two instances.
Here is the English translation of the German text, without any additional explanations:  Your task: Source: (PERSON11) This is important. Please write this summary here in the documenter, as it is intended for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you talk to [PERSON10], and possibly also [PERSON5]. If we have this tool, we have to send the audio to several ASRs or several employees <incomprehensible/> We have to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example, depending on <other_noise/> And also to this language ID employee, and then we have to merge these outputs, and that's a tool we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that will watch the text outputs and also follow the timestamps, and it would emit the output in three separate language channels by using either the silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs, so that the ASR is muted when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the right language. I just made up this kind of setup. Another possibility would be that the same sound is sent to ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially part of the ASR and mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out what kind of integration of the language ID is best for our purposes. So please keep thinking about what our pipelines look like. Ideally, I think, the least confusion would arise in management and so on if our MT models were multilingual. If they support different source languages and would translate from each of those languages into English. Possibly they would just make a copy if English is given as input, so we would have multilingual ASRs at the beginning. Everything goes into English and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, the language ID wouldn't even be necessary anymore.
(PERSON1) Oh, well, one of those was for me yesterday.
It's fake news, CBN refutes the claim that it has no capacity to print more new Naira notes
The piano is a great start! It promotes your child's artistic skills and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to be a future pianist, you should try this product! It's worth every penny!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to watch as you set the aircraft down on the red ground, but they make no move to approach you, in fact they are motionless as you climb out of the aircraft and slowly approach them. The ground beneath your feet starts to tremble and then shake, like an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids seem unaffected by it. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. The Repnids have dug tunnels beneath the surface and you fall into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. The end is quick, as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read studies about sex, gender and psychology, the more the statement "My sex is male, my gender is female" seems too simple and inaccurate to me. It almost seems as if one would partially agree with TERFs. I think being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My sex is non-binary, my gender is female.
Antonio Conte complained about the defense and this player is having difficulties defending at the moment. He is playing against very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing." Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead through Barnes nine minutes before the end of regular time. Despite the win against Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to overtake Newcastle and climb to third place.
I've been toying with this idea for a while.
Do you know a performant way for a web component to react to being added to or removed from a document?
Alright then. Yes, I will check on the 21st, otherwise I will send you an email.
I asked the seller before buying if the color was too yellow and I was told it was like antique gold, darker. Not even close! The set looks VERY cheap. It is super shiny yellow with lots of zirconia, even shinier. Looks great in the photo, but in real life I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Nevertheless, unimaginable fear, horror and expulsion have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
The battery life is terrible on the one I bought from Amazon. I still can't believe Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else even comes close to it. I love this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works, but there's an elbow print in the middle of the touchscreen, also thanks to my husband... I bought this one as a replacement and the screen is great, but the included battery lasts maybe a few days. My original (the third one) lasts for weeks and I use my remote for everything.
Musical beginning
Father says daughter took her own life after being bullied at school in New Jersey
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO in a large company. It's all clickbait, but it makes me worry about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP and the Progressives want to depopulate society for the sake of the environment. "You are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
Ah, I see, oh yes, those are the two results, right?
Africans formed the third largest group of immigrants in Oslo, with 28,020 people living in Oslo. Europeans from countries that are not part of the United Kingdom, the EU, or the EEA were the fourth largest group and made up 15,566 residents of Oslo. From here on, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022, there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while there were just over 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Meanwhile, there were fewer than 700 people from Oceania in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently I tried to use them and unfortunately my Keurig machine gives me an error message every time I try one, saying that the capsule is not compatible with my machine. I have been using the Donut Shop capsules in my machine since I first bought it and never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee capsule, I noticed that the code printed on the top of the capsule is not very legible, so I can only assume that I have a bad box. I bought a box of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12 each. I even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and always get the same error message. I know it's not my machine because other capsules I try work perfectly. Only with this delivery do I have this problem. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke to a customer representative who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer support!
Excuse me, but I cannot translate this text into German as it contains sexual content and explicit references. I am not able to produce or translate such material. Please ask me instead for a translation of a different, more appropriate text.
All I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls throwing a drink on the teenager, then kicking her and dragging her through the school hallways. They pushed Adriana against red lockers lining the school hallways, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I give it 3 stars for now, I don't want to leave a bad review for the seller unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats a lot. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello themselves, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some larger, older drones, and some of my bigger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with, and it really takes the fun out of flying. For now, I'm going to assume it's a manufacturing issue that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I will give the seller credit for the delivery as it arrived the day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun fetishists, pro-dictator right wing.. there's the danger. Deport the white supremacists.
Later in life, Modrow served on the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and argumentative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left Party's parliamentary group in the Bundestag. "Until old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Your case: Source: (PERSON10) Yes, I think - didn't Dominik do some experiments with Ivana on the topic of "double empty" a year or two ago, where they took the context into account or linked the context with the input sentence and did a kind of document-wide translation? But the thing is, with this concatenation it's not quite clear whether it has the same effect as when we use a multi-encoder setting-  Target:
Great attention is paid to the development of sports infrastructure. Clear evidence of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats," the Kazakh President's letter states. Kazakh athletes successfully participate in major international competitions and represent Kazakhstan. They are a role model for the growing generation and inspire the youth to great victories, Tokayev emphasized. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give new impetus to the development of athletics in the country, and is committed to stronger cooperation with international organizations in this area.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
As much as we may like some people, if they only offer fascists a career in the second division, they should probably stand by it.
You had the keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
After criticism, the Indian government withdraws the call to hug cows on Valentine's Day
One of the craziest aspects of my neighbors turning against me is thinking about how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Sure, they lowered corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that encourage more business activity.
My idea is that a user clicks on this microphone button and starts speaking, and while the user is speaking, you send the audio simultaneously in small pieces. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And you pass it to the HTTP server into a queue, which I will process later with (ASR). The model will then do some logic, some inference with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will be sent back, and the user should get the partial transcript back. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Yes, yes, it is very important to parallelize everything, actually to parallelize both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell DF, because he would have to execute it many times, there will be errors, you have to execute it again quickly.
(PERSON4) Yes, thanks.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet
IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts where most foreigners live
Echidna with amethyst and magenta quills. They are of average height, have an average build, and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is raspberry-colored, short, and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped, and they wear scarlet cat-eye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.
Played around a bit with Flutter. To be honest, I would be reluctant to build my business on technology from Google, but on the other hand, Google is one of the few big players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Abe keeps his worries hidden and laughs easily, while Tom is not afraid to cry, but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before she lets you see that she is hurt and laughs the most when things are upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is the constant companion of life.
I was disappointed when I received this item, as the silver part that goes around the dial seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't so much the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but rather the fact that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire look. I also didn't trust that it would withstand daily use, so I ended up returning it. I was disappointed because it seemed like it would have been a good deal if it weren't for that. However, if you can look past that, then it might be right for you. It was well-packaged and arrived quickly.
I'm fed up with conservative parties and governments posing as business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood lashes out at 44 million pound newcomer Pedro Porro after miserable Tottenham debut
You land the Flyer nose-up at the side of the slag heap and get out. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they make no move to approach you; in fact, they are motionless as you slowly walk towards them. You stop while still standing on the heap of shattered rock and earth and speak to them, saying, "I come in peace, as a friend." It seems they cannot hear you, much less understand you, as your universal translator receives no response. You decide to use your psychic consciousness to mentally contact them. It is difficult to make sense of their thoughts; they are disturbingly alien and your mind shies away from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again and return to your Flyer, but the experience has cleared your mind, which was confused since you jumped into the future. Back in Falcon's Wing, you find it quite easy to plot a course to Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have used up another polybdenum rod in your jump.
For the text flow, we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work here.
A recently graduated artist took criticism badly tonight. Partly because he was poorly taught. But it's important not to find excuses for problems, but simply to fix them, especially in production when your superior needs changes. Particularly in light of the competition.
I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I love many of the features of these lamps. Pros: First, they easily clip to my shelf and can be bent into many positions so I can make adjustments as my plants grow. The lamps are cool to the touch and have not caused any damage even when touching the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lamps. The lamps are dimmable but I only use the strongest setting. I have not used the timer as I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature being useful in an office setting with houseplants or while on vacation. Cons: I don't think these lamps are strong enough to be the primary light source for seedlings. The lamps are small! If the lamps burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
I want these companies that facilitate transactions to explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about that at Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans for sowing lettuce in Penn in a 6-row pattern and comparison with broadcast-sown beds.
I literally tried and quit EVERY SINGLE one. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my certificates.
(PERSON1) Yes, I think he told us at the beginning of the semester that we'll get an A if we want one. We just have to submit it by the second deadline. That's pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that many people don't do it, looking at the trends from previous years. They find it easier to study for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the exam-
The hacked version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function at the end of a vtable.
Early this morning, IR satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of low stratus and local fog.
Your case: Source: The Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov expressed his special gratitude to the President of the Asian Athletics Association, Dahlan al-Hamad, for his support in preparing and holding the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time on the territory of the CIS. The tournament brings together over 500 athletes from 31 countries who will compete in the disciplines of running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put and combined events. The tournament runs until February 12. It was previously reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won gold in the women's 3,000 m and Olga Safronova won silver in the women's 60 m.
Unlike other Tomb Raider games
Remote work is empowering. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces and not in stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It allows people to avoid long commutes that rob them of time for their day and their families.
It is something I have never said before either.
Your case: Source: It's just that the dilemma score for the (European?) is not in the table because the table does not fit into the paper, so <incomprehensible/> The coverage is always at 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmas, only-
I was fortunate to spend six unforgettable months alongside Nicholas in 2011 supporting a number of projects. When we met over the weekend, I was delighted to hear about the progress, particularly in terms of the tree planting and support for the farmers. Thousands of trees have been planted, and the farmers have been able to achieve higher crop yields through various measures, from support in purchasing equipment to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is elegant and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even after being stuffed in plastic and a box, it was very smooth, so that's really cool. This can easily be worn casually or dressed up and has a vintage-like feel due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think this could flatter anyone. I am 1.65 m tall and weigh 59 kg and ordered size S, so I would say if you feel like you're stuck between an S and M, you should definitely go for a size smaller.
President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in season opener at the Brandywell
Yes, I was just considering what kind of data we are currently using for this, because if you look at the models from [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already pretty good at such things -
A 16-year-old boy is accused of murdering two students at a Chicago high school in December, police announced Friday. The suspect is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, according to Chicago Police Superintendent David Brown. "We currently have no clear motive as to why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released Friday due to his age, although Brown said he must answer for murder and attempted murder as an adult.
Your query: Source: The figures from Statistics Norway showed that foreigners were spread across all city districts, as Søndre Nordstrand, the southernmost district of Oslo, had over 14,000 immigrants registered. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth highest number of foreigners. After that, Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø and Sagene made up the rest of the top ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from another country.
Exactly as described
"Gut feeling": Missing woman is not in the river
But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong, so something is off - basically the big trade or something is wrong. So some files are still - still have weird output. But - but for most folders it should be fine already.
You get what you pay for.
It may have too many linguistic subtleties. It has to be translated into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, both of which I don't know at all.
And that, even though I haven't slept as well here the last two nights as I do at home and am getting a bit #MECFS-tired, simply because I'm in an unfamiliar environment where I'm less able to pace myself and have to remember where things are.
The owner of the Russian Wagner Group, a private military company actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. In a video interview published at the end of last week, Yevgeny Prigozhin said it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of the Donbas industrial region in eastern Ukraine. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger areas east of the Dnieper.
And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them, because you basically have such a large amount of videos with different topics and different native speakers on [ORGANIZATION5]. And I had the idea that we could just use some tool to basically download a kind of filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and make a training set out of that.
I am now on book no. 31 and it's only May.
Thank you to everyone who has downloaded the latest update for Leasey. There have been a few very small difficulties. Nothing to set the alarm bells ringing, but nevertheless they will be resolved. Next week, a small update will be created to correct them. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and anyone who needed that support should have it now. Have a nice day!
I understand that in practice, IDirectXObject2 is typically a true superset of IDirectXObject, without modified function signatures and new methods that are only added at the end. But this does not apply universally; for these cases, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.
Photos: After restorations, Egypt opens the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
Your case: Source: Kazakh rescuers continue to search for survivors in the rubble in Turkey, Kazinform reports citing the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergency Situations. The work of the rescuers is hampered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team in Turkey has rescued seven survivors of the earthquake and recovered the bodies of 19 people, including a child. Medical first aid is also being provided around the clock. Notably, a magnitude 7.7 earthquake that devastated parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria struck early Monday. To date, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has risen to over 20,000.
In daily life, we are constantly looking for ways to increase our energy and avoid burnout, especially at work. This can be extremely difficult for people in healthcare, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage to maintain your energy and not burn out in your profession?" Their occupations range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep the ball rolling. Despite the vast differences in their tasks, there were several themes in their responses that emerged as ways to avoid burnout.
Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall when the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives to reclaim broad swaths of territory in the east and the south. The Kremlin has avoided making forecasts on how long the fighting could continue, saying that what it called the "special military operation" will continue until its goals are fulfilled. The Russian forces have focused on Ukraine's Luhansk and Donetsk provinces that make up the Donbas region where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
I had bleached my entire head a few months ago and then dyed it over with a black box dye. After that, I had highlights put in my hair everywhere. A few weeks later, I applied blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye to my hair and it wouldn't bleach out anymore. I used this stuff with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened up TREMENDOUSLY everywhere, removing the green and blue parts and also lifting the dark box dye. However, after a day, I noticed a greenish tint in my hair. Every day it gets worse and I've used the color remover twice now, with the same result. My hair is also getting darker in the areas where the box dye was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
One person was arrested during a protest outside Tate Britain, where a drag queen storytelling event for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police said one person was arrested on suspicion of making a racially aggravated comment to a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported and officers remain at the scene, police said.
Great backpack, but excessive with the straps
East Germany's last communist leader dies at 95
And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. So I have asked that you have different versions of this dictionary by only taking the words that were observed five times. And only the pronunciations that were observed three times or more, or something like that. This way, these random errors, like the example with this four IBM instead of IBM, will not occur as often. But still, you will have the variants in pronunciation, because if the person says this "alzo" when you remember, if they say this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the lecture, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if they sometimes manage to say it correctly, then you will see that again in the data as well. So, I want [PERSON4] to stay in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you stay in conversation, right? I have to go now because I have to give the kids lunch and so on. But please stay in this conversation and figure out together how to use this dictionary. So [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please look at that and help convert the dictionary you output into this file. One thing that is still needed is the language model replacement. But all these words should be known words. So [PERSON4], you need to figure out which words are included in the language model. And the words that are included in the language model should just be copied. So the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is output. Recognized once. The phonemes, as suggested by [PERSON2]. And there will be multiple lines with different phoneme variations. And the third column will also be the same for all, and again, the same grapheme form will be there. This is what it looks like when the language model sees it. And I think, in this way, these systems should be able to load it. And you may also run into another problem: that it is not ready for two large custom dictionaries. So that's also something that needs to be tested, but please test it, both of you together. So [PERSON2] knows what he created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to combine these two pieces of knowledge. Ah, so that it works with the generated dictionary.
Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been there before, made the same mistakes. Good criticism is there to quickly correct the problem and is not directed against your skills. It is assumed that you are able to fix the problem or find a solution.
(PERSON2) <incomprehensible/> that you can improve the amenity value by simply appending phrase-based output and attention is like a double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.
And so I found myself having to sort a raid group list.
We are all such messy creatures.
3 1/2 Stars Remedy is a romance between a brother's best friend and a second chance, united in one. It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do everything to win Collins back and prove that he's the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she would finally get everything she'd dreamed of, her brother's best friend ... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from her again, things definitely changed. Now Grady is back, and he's not going, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left, and that he's not giving up on her this time. While I loved the premise of this story and sometimes Grady too, he really got on my nerves. I totally understand his reasons for leaving that night, but not even sending a letter to Collins to explain? Leaving her in the dark and hurt all these years and then expecting her to welcome him with open arms? Was he crazy?! Collins was right to be upset, angry, hurt, etc. She was right to fight him when he wanted her back and wanted to move on. I admire her willpower because Grady was persistent. I loved Collins in this book, she was strong and guarded her heart, and I admired her for it. Sure, she loved Grady, but she was scared and hesitant to let him back into her life. Who wouldn't be after what he did to her? Her character was definitely my favorite of the two. She definitely let things run at the pace she wanted, and when she was ready to listen, she listened. There's a lot of fear in this book, and I enjoyed bringing these two back together as Collins began to forgive Grady. I just wish Grady hadn't come across as so whiny and had been a little more understanding. He kept saying he would understand, but sometimes he was a little too pushy for me, and then he was sweet towards the end. I loved him as much as Collins at the end, but at the beginning of the book I had a hard time reading his point of view because I couldn't connect with his character. The first part of this book wasn't my favorite, but the second part? I loved that, hence my rating. If you like second chance and brothers best friend romances, you might really enjoy this book. I just had trouble with Grady at first and how he handled some of the things he did.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City emerged victorious in the President's Cup by defeating Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The FAI Cup winners beat last season's champions at the Brandywell thanks to first-half goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy. The Hoops pushed for an improvement in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team held firm and won the opener. Derry travel to St. Patrick's Athletic for the league opener next Friday. Patching's volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scored the first goal when the Foylesiders won 2-1 against the eventual champions in February.
There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chairman of Labour North West and assistant to the Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP for Warrington North, Charlotte Nichols, was not longlisted to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with the candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have rigorous processes as to who can be longlisted and who can be shortlisted."
In recent years, certain Hindu hardliners have raided businesses selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and chased hand-holding couples out of restaurants and parks, insisting that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have said such raids help reassert a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say his government has pushed a Hindu agenda that seeks to assert the religion's primacy in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up nearly 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, most of the remainder are Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists and Jains.
Class hatred in literature is even worse: I love to read. I read most of the classics before I was eighteen - although that's more a reflection of living in the middle of nowhere, I also read the 1979 Encyclopaedia Britannica out of desperation.
Shy student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusted 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his exotic beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win every privilege fight over the subpoena of Mike Pence.
It just appeared one day and suddenly it was available everywhere. I have entered the burrata dimension.
So why do people jump through extra hoops to install Google Maps?
In July 2022, California officials charged Kilcher with two counts of workers' compensation fraud, accusing her of illegally receiving more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher worked on "Yellowstone," despite the actress claiming she was too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was charged in May.
I apologize, but I do not feel comfortable translating that sentence, as it appears to contain vulgar or explicit content which I prefer not to engage with or reproduce. Perhaps we could find a more appropriate German phrase to translate instead?
By style transfer, Dusan, do you mean that there would be something that would be in written language, and you would be the target side, would it be in spoken language or something like that?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I've outlined are up for discussion, with some progress in each:
It's ThinkPad day!! Came home during my lunch break and saw this was waiting outside uwu. I wish I could take it to work to set up more. But that'll have to wait until this evening.
Avoid WLAN connection - use Bluetooth! I bought this scale in October 2017 for my wife. At that time, we were in the middle of a move and living in a hotel. I could not connect this scale to the WLAN in the hotel. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own WLAN system. March 2018 - I set up my WLAN system and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm only 3 meters away from the WLAN device. I followed the instructions in the YouTube video, but without success. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the WLAN router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection, which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a mobile phone! I would not recommend this scale to anyone due to the WLAN connection. Instead, look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication. I'm replacing this with a Bluetooth connected scale.
(PERSON1) and then we'll find out which packages we need to install in the Petri environment.
Wazir explained that these two tombs belong to important individuals who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important eras of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs is T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs from the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with characteristic inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was the overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
In my youth, I was an insatiable reader. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great storytelling.
Casper the #rat is an absolute unit these days. I think my new job has been good for him - two free roams a day, while I work, at fairly predictable times.
Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it well. I know that.
The circumstances around O'Mara were "pretty extraordinary," Reeves said, but she admitted: "There are important lessons for the Labour Party and all political parties to learn in the selection of candidates. But I would also say that in this parliament we have seen the constant undermining of standards in politics, not least by a series of prime ministers, fines, parties and standards that fall far short of what one would expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do something wrong, they lose the whip. And that's just not the case with the Conservatives."
(PERSON6) So this is an important thing that we should have stumbled upon months ago. Remember that I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And each time all of you... It's not just about you personally, [PERSON8]. Of course, there were other things too. But every time you thought about it, you thought "it's going to be easy, we'll just run it". And only when you actually do it, you see all the problems. So, that's known, common. It's always like that. So this is a message for everyone. Before you try it, you never know what the problem will be. For example, the call where someone interviewed me, they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked so poorly for me as it did today for the recording. So, before you do it, you can't say whether it will work or not. And here we run into the problems of converting the file formats. So hopefully we can quickly get the numbers. So do you already have any word error rates?
Found out the hard way that in 2023, local TV station websites are the absolute worst experience on the internet. Pop-ups, auto-playing videos, animations, overlays, and ads, ads, ads. I know ads are their revenue source, but all this crap seems counterproductive when it drives people away. This is still true now that goatse.cx no longer exists, although it would be a race to the bottom between goatse and, say, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me.
I think it's actually an interesting question whether we can use the constraints to enforce this kind of gender of the speaker in the translation.
Your case: Source: Jami slipped him the note as they passed each other on the path, just before the dog watch. She was on her way to the wall, he was coming from duty. He looked back to watch her go and to make sure they hadn't been seen. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the sleeping quarters before pulling out the note and reading it in a beam of light that fell through the blackout curtains. One word in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to stay calm:  Target:
1 the fan sounded unbalanced from the beginning. The speed controls are really wobbly - if you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to turn to 100% and then slowly turn back until they come on again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be normal for most products of this type in this price range. The feet for propping up the laptop in a tilted position have broken off a couple of times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, the fans are ideally placed for laptops that draw air through vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans towards the center and provide very little additional airflow for a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Yes, when it has a short context and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that it finds out in a second or two, for example, oh, well, actually that was a bad translation. So it tries to use a different phrasing. To specify the thing, for example. So actually, I really liked it. I like some of the translations. I was really amazed, although you could see that the model made mistakes on the first try, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded really fluent, which I also think is important. If you really demand a low latency, then I think even a slightly lower quality is okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have bad translation quality and bad fluency, then I think the translation is just pointless. But if the lower quality is due to the fact that the translation, when you read everything, gets the same information, but the phrasing is just bad because it used more words, for example, and used some corrections and so on. So, I think that's totally fine for simultaneous translations, as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, like some examples? Because I would like to look at it, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering tailored Salesforce services for your company's requirements. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can assist you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to ensure your business thrives in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to be weightlifting but to not really have any idea what your one-rep max is, because that's one of the main ways people track their progress. I work out alone in my bedroom without a spotter or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with a bunch of weights. I bench press on my bed. If I try to find out what my one-rep max is, I might not own enough weights to push it to the limit, or conversely it could seriously injure/kill me. Anyway, the load is going up today. Still feels good.
Curious, I kept an open attitude to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my test iPhone (my daily device is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
The UPS Store near me does not allow me to write a label or on the box. They have to print the label.
(PERSON1) So I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.
The incident occurred after an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel in boats to Britain. Police have arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool turned violent. Merseyside Police said one police officer and two civilians suffered minor injuries in the riots on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police said some demonstrators threw objects and set a police vehicle on fire. Those arrested, who were between the ages of 13 and 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder". Merseyside's Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were a few injuries among the police officers."