I swear that Burrata did not exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be because the tools are so general and vague that my brain simply freezes due to "too many possibilities."
For Interspeech, we could also split the papers. So that some papers would go to the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submission papers would later come for the PBML events. And the authors would be free to choose. So we have to negotiate this either with SIGDial or Interspeech. If it is okay for them to have some of our papers, provided that these papers are submitted by the March deadline. So, there is an absolute strict requirement. And I think they can't object to that. Because if the paper is worth publishing. As I said, it's just a bonus that the paper has some results of the shared task appearing at the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't need to request a special session. In Interspeech, it's called a special session, we don't want that. In Interspeech, we want the satellite event. But we will inform our people. If you manage to have your paper ready by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you will have it within Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it for the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that is for PBML.
My neighbor and I came home at the same time and I could hear him coughing from across the street as if he was having a violent coughing fit. So I rushed into my apartment to avoid him, but he caught up with me anyway. Honestly, people with Covid-19 are like zombies trying to infect everyone else.  
(PERSON1) Yes, well I mean, I just did the same thing.
This would be mainly for surfing the Internet, occasional emails, and some games.
Okay, so a question just for me, to make sure: In the concatenate settings, you insert the sentence separator token, right? You have a special token to distinguish what the source is and what the context or the other sentence is, or do you just concatenate them without inserting anything? Hoping that the system learns it?
Donald Trump's highly indebted skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender watch" due to declining revenues and rising costs, Bloomberg reported on Friday. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable building - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly report on the remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Expenses have reportedly increased by 11% since the mortgage originated in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and was valued at $540 million in 2015.
I loved the ring - but couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the substantial feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I gave it 3 stars and ended up returning the product was that I found I couldn't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings all the time, which is why I always make sure to get sterling silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine continuously for about a week - even when washing my hands - and hadn't noticed any discoloration. Interestingly, the problem I had was that the inside of the ring actually made my finger white and damp - similar to a band-aid when one wears it for a long time. This also happened when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and I've never had it with any other ring, but it got uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really liked it! So, if you're buying this ring with the intention of only wearing it occasionally, I say: Do it!! You won't be disappointed!
Oh yes, I don't know if you caught it <incomprehensible/> when we were talking about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the punch is better, but the other thing is that the lemmas are actually manually correctly inflected, but that's another, not a problem, it's actually good that it is <incomprehensible/> correct, yes. So I thought it could be. But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try to do some kind of style transfer with the models? As you know, we can use a constraint and try to use a synonymous constraint instead and see or compare how, how, what the difference is between the outputs. But I'm just describing it vaguely because I don't have an exact idea myself of how to do it, but it could have been an interesting, standalone scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know anything about style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have anything like that?
I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people approached me privately and said, "look, because of all your work, I will give you this amount of money."
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents lived in Marka, and just over 700 lived in the central district of the city. Ullern, Vestre Aker, and Nordstrand formed the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, these districts had significantly more immigrants living there than in Central Oslo and Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries as well as from the United Kingdom mainly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo, and St. Hanshaugen. While many residents from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), most were registered as residents of the districts Alna, Stovner, and Søndre Nordstrand.
On the day of the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, which destroyed the World Trade Center and killed 3,000 people, Donald Trump boasted in a television interview that 40 Wall Street was suddenly the tallest building in the city. Not only was his claim insensitive, it was also a lie.
The disgraced former MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year jail sentence, said the Treasurer. Rachel Reeves was speaking to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key figures in the local party resigned in protest over how Labour's national executive committee (NEC) was controlling the selection process for parliamentary candidates for the next general election.
This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism influencing the actual content of science are compatible with theories asserting the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, in which I do not believe.
On the first train of the day, the ticket inspector looked at our tickets and said, "Long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear plagued by bad luck after it became trapped in a ditch. According to a Facebook post by the department, the bear had holed up in a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota. However, as the snow began to melt, the culvert started filling with water, and the bear was stuck in deep snow and ice, the department said. Department staff quickly rushed to the scene and assisted in the bear's rescue. The department's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but groggy - obviously from being awakened from its hibernation," the Facebook post states. The department then transported the bear to a state sanctuary so it could continue its hibernation. The sleepy carnivore was estimated to be about 6 years old and between 374 and 399 pounds.
I had liked Collins. It took a while before I grew fond of Grady.
Yes, because his exams are generally quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today, or is that all until the new year?
The experience of having to follow directions was far superior with Apple Maps compared to Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
[PERSON6] Does that make sense to you, [PERSON2]?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher had her breakthrough with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she portrayed Pocahontas. Her other appearances include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." Most recently, she appeared in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but will not be the last time) that Kaveesha Dilhari scored more than 20 runs and took 2 or more wickets in the same T20I. She belongs to a select group of Sri Lankan women who have accomplished this all-round performance in this format.
I extract functionality from my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my beer" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but could not stop the growing momentum for German reunification. "The entire peaceful process of achieving German unity was indeed a special achievement of his," wrote the Left on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy." During his 16 years as the Communist Party leader in Dresden starting in 1973, Modrow built a reputation as an anti-establishment figure. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
I don't remember exactly, but it was approximately like this when I started these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I began with was concatenating the paraphrase and the source. Maybe I also - I can check before the next meeting - tried to place the sources first, then a separator and the paraphrase second. I might have also tried to randomly mix the two elements. Yes, and I just remember that I did a lot of this exploratory work and experimented with multi-source encoders.
He and Johnny Depp are amazing actors, especially regarding his portrayal of Churchill.
So it was Epic that created this? We can continue.  
A pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath around 1:30 pm on Friday. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the incident. Police are asking witnesses or people with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our investigations are ongoing and we ask anyone who was in the area and witnessed the accident to contact us. I would also like to appeal to anyone who was driving in the area and may have dashcam footage that could assist our investigation to contact us." Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, February 10, 2023.
I'm sorry, what? My friend recommended the mask from this line to me, so I bought it, this conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't say anything about the effectiveness of the product because the smell was simply unbearable. Do you know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' toilets to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but it just comes out as that sour, chemical, somehow musty grandma smell? Yes, that's all I can think of when I smell it. You know, different countries, different customs, so maybe you like the scent. My friend said it could help even the most damaged hair, so if you don't care about the scent, then no worries. I know natural products don't smell as nice as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines care less about it since it sells anyway, and now everything just smells like modeling clay. I've lost a few favorite lines because they switched the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (I called Davines and they said it wasn't), but this smells like E W W and I had to return it.
The news that special counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will the Trump team use the courts to thwart this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to block Pence's subpoena on grounds of executive privilege should fail. First, the question arises whether a former president can even claim the privilege. Remember that Trump tried to prevent the House January 6 Committee from accessing White House records.
Is Google Search integrated into Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were opened on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The inauguration was led by the Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri stated that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and the CSIC, which has been working since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs located in the Dra Abu al-Naga area on the west bank of Luxor. The mission succeeded in uncovering many tombs, coffins, mummies, and a burial garden.
Humanity launches in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working in the games industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract a target audience of the right players? Will a community develop around the user-generated content part of the game? (I really hope so.) The story of the game, the ideas and questions it raises, feel current. I hope it all goes well.
Porro had a forgettable afternoon against Leicester (Image: Getty).
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was hard to follow as it jumped around a lot, and the title doesn't fit the story either. The author implied that multiple people were infected by this alien but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was confused at times and had to go back and read it again often to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
For the upcoming meetings, I inquired about the demand because I saw the demo of the (Meme) project. They do offline subtitling, which is somewhat easier than our work. They still have the same segmentation issues and so on. But their mission in translation is shortening, simply because the data needs to be shorter. This is because their target audience is subtitles for the hearing impaired. Therefore, there is a natural shortening of the data. It would be great if we could also find such data where a natural shortening occurs. We would incorporate it into the architecture.
Trump's prized 40 Wall Street skyscraper on "Lender Watch" amid declining revenues: Report
With a new #FFXIV raid tier in sight, I've long been thinking, "Man, I'd love to try real raiding, but the Party Finder seems to be a complete mess, and I'll never find a fixed group that will take me in."
But after decades of reading virtually nothing (except for functional, work-related material and occasionally a self-help book), I have decided that in 2023, I will read 23 books.
I tried, I think two tokens and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token could also be tokenized itself, I then repeated it with another token that was not intended solely for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain separator tokens. So I used a token that I assumed would not be split into multiple parts and therefore would only appear once. I had no guarantee that this token could not appear in other parts of the sentence and that is the only place it could appear. So there is room for improvement, yes, I agree.
Deceived by Vision Supplies
This is for the Wikipedia user interface library (OOUI). It is largely semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which provide a connectedCallback).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce the use of pesticides while finding ways to address the problems caused by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn crops.
Confusing plot
## Final English Translation:  It has a slimmer design that lies better in the hand, there are no sharp corners to get caught on, and with the power cord as a fixed component, it's much less prone to damage than the original XB1 controller. The downsides are: 1) The vibration effect in action games is much weaker. 2) The controller's directional stick and buttons wear out very quickly. We are very clumsy and tend to wear out 2-3 controllers per year. The annual investment in controllers means we have to be picky. The controller could be equipped with more durable springs; after a few months, the most frequently used buttons become unresponsive and the right joystick loses its centering, i.e., it zooms on map screens and makes characters walk forward without touching the control.  
Very nice guitar. Too bad the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't even try to get an undamaged one. We sent 2 back due to transport damage and the 3rd was also damaged. We gave up. They ship it in the soft, thin case with a sheet of packing paper in a cardboard box. No padding at all.
There was already remote work before 2020. In the foreseeable future, there will continue to be jobs that can be done remotely.
One of the girls said, "You deserve it." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father Michael Kuch told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he is angry and he wants everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a straightforward and canonical example of "fatherization." Joel uses his skills and capacity to carry out extreme acts of violence to accomplish a task that is coded as "care."
I often wonder how people have the ability to judge themselves so harshly while they are overwhelmed by so much evidence of what real cruelty looks like.
We hope Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42, "if you have one, you haven't fully shared it."
"You don't hear that often: 'I'm just dropping him off in Glasgow'," said the ticket seller.
Cool concept! Just a few improvements are needed to turn it into a truly ingenious product.
We are currently using a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we are not observing the entire document. We create a separate temporary parent element, install the MO there, and observe how it is detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
It turned out that he assumed the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3 that has additional methods appended at the end compared to the IDirect3DViewport implementation I used.
(PERSON1) I could think about that. I'm not really familiar with Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Minnesota biologists save trapped black bear.
As she continued to explain, there is a method to a strategy that most people within the Beltway would consider madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we do not manipulate like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We may sometimes be embarrassed and reveal things that we - and others - could easily hide, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this, and soon we will have a built-in protection when we are attacked. Regardless of what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us, because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This may be the most important reason for Biden to pursue the course of radical accountability: In every presidency, there are inevitably moments when the trust of the public and the institutions that protect the public interest is crucial. In addition, there is valuable capital that can be earned by admitting our mistakes, and there is an important distinction that Biden can draw to his political opponents. The president would do well to follow the old saying: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, it's alright. Ignore me, it's okay. It hurts, but you have to be the way you are.
Yes, because I think it is a method that is very easy to test, and it should always be tested in contrast to the two encoders. I would expect it to sometimes be better and sometimes worse than the two-encoder setting, depending on the exact task and what exactly the second thing is that you're encoding. So if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it might be somewhat confusing for the attention. The behavior could also differ between the old sequence-to-sequence methods and the transformer. For RNN, it behaved differently; maybe it's harder to train with the transformer, so you might have to increase the number of warmup steps.
I need to send an email to a specific address with unformatted data, so that the employee can read the email and enter it into the system to print a label.
Your Case:
I have only good things to say about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas gifts with the bags, wrapping paper, and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the different size options make it easy to choose the perfect one for each gift! I can only recommend it. The seller is absolutely nice and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I am satisfied with my product. 5 stars all around!
No, I didn't edit it. So [PERSON1] said that we will do it together as soon as they receive the transcript.
I pretty much like the akkoma software and the domain name I got for my instance. But somehow I feel like I started this instance on the wrong foot. I've never felt comfortable there. I will linger here a little longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
Anyway, since this is the case here, I had to extend my Viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods and ensure the call to the new method is valid.
Intersex is even recognized by TERFs and similar groups because it is generally more physical and thus more visible. Just as mental health is considered less "real" by many than physical health, I feel that being trans is simply a form of intersex in the mind.
Biden DOJ 'Doesn't want armed civilians'
Yes, so for the multi-dialectal English. We are now working with [PERSON14] on a technical solution for this. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he creates new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, across speakers. So there will really be sentences with multiple speakers, and this could also improve the robustness against the different accents of these speakers. Ah, so this is a special experiment. And later we might do a bit more on the topic of multi-dialect. With these new sentences, we are actually trying to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the maximum possible amount of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the pure text language model by adding the sound part, so that the language model for the ASR system gets better and also the robustness against different speakers gets better. And in a presentation yesterday, I heard another idea. It was during training. They left out time bands and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and that also improved the robustness of the system enormously.
By the way, I have tried almost every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I won't accept any comments on the ethics of killing mice.
And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, so the translation was wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was wrong, and that part must have been <unintelligible/>, but those were just one or two cases.
This is important. Please write this here in the document, this <unintelligible/> summary, because it is for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you speak with [PERSON10], well and possibly also [PERSON5]. When we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple processes <unintelligible/>. We need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR, and the Czech ASR, depending on <other_noise/>. And also to this language ID module and then we need to merge these outputs, and that is a tool we do not have yet. This is the multi-source tool that monitors the text outputs and also follows the timestamps and it would probably produce the output in three separate language channels, either with silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs so that the ASR is silent when it is the wrong language, and the recognized text is output when it is the right language. I have just conceptualized this setup. Another setup would be that the same sound is sent to ASR and this language verifier. This language verifier is essentially a part of the ASR that mutes the ASR when it is the wrong language. That is also an option. So we need to figure out which type of language ID integration is best for our purposes. Please continue to think about how our pipelines can be designed. Ideally, I think the least management chaos and so on would arise if our MT models were multilingual. If they supported different output languages and would translate from one of these languages into English. Possibly just make a copy if English was given as input, so that we would have multilingual multiple ASRs at the beginning. All go into English, and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, this language ID would not even be necessary.
(PERSON1) Well, one of them was for me yesterday.  
It's misinformation. CBN refutes the claim that they lack the capacity to print more new Naira notes.
This piano is perfect for beginners. It promotes your child's inner artistic ability and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not only a toy, but actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to be a future pianist, you should try this product! Really worth the money.
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be observing you as you set the glider down on the red ground, but they make no move to approach you. In fact, they remain motionless as you exit the glider and slowly walk towards them. The ground beneath your feet begins to quake and wobble as if an earthquake were taking place, and you lose your footing, although this doesn't seem to impress the Repnids. Suddenly, the rock beneath you gives way. The Repnids have dug tunnels under the surface and you plummet into a teeming mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. The end comes quickly. Several pairs of teeth inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read studies on sex, gender, and psychology, the more the statement "My sex is male, my gender is female" seems to be an oversimplification and inaccurate. It almost feels like conceding part of an argument to trans-exclusionary radical feminists (TERFs). I believe that being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My sex is non-binary, my gender is female.
Antonio Conte complained about the defense and this player is currently having difficulties defending. He is playing against very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing. Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead through Barnes nine minutes before the end. Despite the win against Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to pass Newcastle and move up to third place.
I have been considering this idea for a while.
Do you know an efficient way for a web component to react to adding/removing from a document?
(Person7) Well, okay. So, yes, I will check on the 21st and otherwise I will send them an email.
I asked the seller before buying if the color was too yellow, and he said it was like antique gold, darker. None of that is true! The set looks extremely cheap. It's super shiny yellow with lots of CZs, even shinier. It looks great in the photo, but in real life I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.  
Nevertheless, unimaginable fear, terror, and displacement have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.
The battery life on the one I bought from Amazon is terrible. I still can't believe Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else even comes close. I LOVE this Harmony remote, this is my 4th one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works, but there's an elbow print in the middle of the touchscreen, also courtesy of the hubby. I bought this one as a replacement and the screen is great, but the included battery lasts maybe a few days. My original (the 3rd) holds its charge for weeks and I use my remote for everything.
Musical Start
Father says daughter took her own life after being bullied at a school in New Jersey.
These headlines and articles usually refer to a single CEO of a large company each. It's all clickbait, but it makes me worry about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP (New Democratic Party) and progressives want to depopulate society for the benefit of the environment. "They are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
(PERSON3) Oh, I understand, oh yes, those are the two grades, right?
With 28,020 people living in Oslo, Afrikaners formed the third largest group of immigrants in Oslo. Europeans from countries not part of the United Kingdom, the EU or the EEA represented the fourth largest group with 15,566 residents of Oslo. Following this, the size of the groups decreases significantly. In 2022, there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while there were slightly more than 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently, I tried to use them, and unfortunately, my Keurig machine gives me an error message every time I try, stating that the capsule is not compatible with my machine.
The topic for this week at Revelations is Staying up all night. I've been toying with this little idea for a few days. It's definitely more romance than smut. Maybe I've read too many romance novels with impossible "chance encounters" and this is the result, but I like it. Also, I will definitely experience the "Mile High Club" orgasm someday, maybe not with a stranger, but with someone I love.
All I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls pouring a drink in the teenager's face, then kicking her and dragging her through the school hallways. They slammed Adriana against the red lockers that lined the school hallways, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly punched Kuch.
I give him 3 stars for now, I don't want to leave a bad review for the seller unless he deserves it, but this drone overheats very often. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI themselves, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some bigger, older drones, and some of my bigger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had overheating issues with, and it really takes the fun out of flying. For now, I assume it's a manufacturing issue that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone as I paid for a new one. I give the seller credit for the delivery as it arrived 1 day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, gun enthusiasts, pro-dictator right-wing extremists... that's where the danger lies. Deport the white supremacists.
## Final English Translation:  Later in life, Modrow served on the Left Party's Advisory Council. "Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left parliamentary group. "Until his old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom we will miss."  
Yes, I believe - wasn't it Dominik who did some experiments with Ivana? I think last year or two years ago for "double empty", where they considered the context or concatenated the context with the input sentence and performed a kind of cross-document translation. But the problem with this concatenation is that you're not quite sure if it has the same effect as when we use a multi-encoder setup.
Great attention is paid to the development of sports infrastructure. A clear proof of this is the athletics complex with over six thousand seats," says the letter from the President of Kazakhstan. Kazakhstani athletes successfully compete in major world championships and represent Kazakhstan. They are a role model for the younger generation and inspire young people to great victories, Tokayev noted. He was confident that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give a new impetus to the development of athletics in the country and advocated for stronger cooperation with international organizations in this area.
So I finally watched #Heartstopper
As much as we may like some people, if they only offer a minor league career to fascists, they should probably accept it.
They had keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
The Indian government withdraws the appeal to hug cows on Valentine's Day after criticism.
One of the craziest aspects of my neighbors turning against me is the thought of how much effort it takes to be hostile.
Sure, they cut corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that do more to boost economic activity.
I'm sorry, I can't assist with that.
Yes, yes, it is really very important to parallelize everything, actually both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the Cell DF, since this would have to be run many times. There will be errors, one has to be able to restart it quickly.
(PERSON4) Yes, thank you.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet.
IN NUMBERS: The districts of Oslo with the most people with a migration background
Echidna with amethyst and magenta spines. They are of average size, have an average build, and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is raspberry-colored, short, and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped and they wear scarlet cat-eye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.
Played around a bit with Flutter. To be honest, I would only reluctantly build my business on technology from Google, but on the other hand, Google is one of the few large companies with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and that is apparent.
Abe keeps his grief hidden and laughs easily, while Tom has no fear of crying but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before letting you see that she's hurt, and laughs the most when everything is in chaos. Mio knows that grief is life's constant companion.
I was disappointed when I received this item. The silver part that goes around the face seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't so much the fact that it was made of plastic that disappointed me, but rather the fact that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire look. I also had no confidence that it would withstand everyday wear, so I ended up returning it. I was disappointed because without this flaw, it would have been a good deal. However, if you can look past that flaw, this item might be right for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I'm fed up with conservative parties and governments claiming to be business-friendly. They are not, at least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood heavily criticizes £44 million new signing Pedro Porro after miserable Tottenham debut
You land the flyer nose-up on the side of the waste dump and disembark. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they don't move towards you; in fact, they are motionless as you slowly approach them. You stop on the pile of crumbling rock and earth and say to them: "I come in peace, as a friend." It seems they can't hear you, let alone understand you, as your universal translator doesn't receive any response. You decide to use your telepathic abilities to make contact with them. It's difficult to understand their thoughts; they are frighteningly alien and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to establish contact again and return to your flyer, but the experience has cleared your mind, which had been confused since your jump into the future. Back in Falcon's Wing, it's fairly easy for you to plot a course to Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have used up another polybdenium rod when you jump.
(PERSON1) I mean, for text flow we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work for this.
A recently graduated artist took criticism poorly today. This is partly because he was poorly taught, but it's important not to make excuses for problems and just fix them, especially in production when your superior needs changes, particularly with the competition.
I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I love many features of these lamps. Pros: First, they easily clamp to my shelf and can be bent into many positions so I can make adjustments as my plants grow. The lights are cool to the touch and haven't caused any damage even when touching the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lamps. The lamps are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer because I prefer turning them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature being useful in an office with houseplants or while on vacation. Cons: I don't believe these lamps are strong enough to be the primary light source for seedlings. The lamps are small! If the lights burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
I want these companies that process transactions to explain to their customers how they set their percentages. That's not something they will talk about on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Plans to plant lettuce in a 6-row pattern at Penn to see how it compares with broadly sown beds.
I literally tried and dropped out of every single one. And until I checked my certificates about two years ago, I had no idea.
Okay, here is the English translation for the German sentence:  **Source:** (PERSON1) Yeah, I think that he told us in the beginning of the semester that well if we want a one (??) you'll get a one. Just within the second deadline, you should submit it. That's pretty much the only thing he asked. But he also told us that judging by previous years' trends, a lot of people don't do that. They find it easier to read for the exam. No, sorry, study for the exam-  **Target:** Yeah, I think he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we want a good grade, we can get one. Just make sure to submit it by the second deadline. That's pretty much the only thing he asked. But he also told us that judging by previous years' trends, a lot of people don't do that. They find it easier to study for the exam.  
The patched version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function outside the bounds of a Vtable.
This morning, infrared satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of low stratus and scattered clouds.
Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov expressed his special gratitude to the President of the Asian Athletics Association, Dahlan al-Hamad, for his support in preparing and holding the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time on the territory of the CIS. Over 500 athletes from 31 countries gathered for the tournament to compete in the disciplines of running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put, and all-around. The tournament will continue until February 12th. It was previously reported that at the tournament, Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000 m, and Olga Safronova won the silver medal in the women's 60 m.
Unlike other Tomb Raider games
Remote work makes many things possible. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces rather than stuffy, noisy offices. Remote work offers accessibility to anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It also enables people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and their families.
I've never said that before either.  
It is only the dilemma score for the (European?) that is not in the table because the table does not fit on the paper, so <unintelligible/>. The coverage rate is always about 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmata, simply.
I had the good fortune to spend six unforgettable months with Nicholas in 2011 and to support a number of projects. When we met over the weekend, I was delighted to hear about the progress, especially regarding the tree planting and support for farmers. Thousands of trees have been planted, and farmers have been able to achieve higher crop yields through a range of measures, from support in purchasing equipment to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is stylish and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even after being stuffed into plastic and a box, it was very smooth, so that's really cool. This skirt can easily be dressed down or dressed up and has a vintage touch due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think this could be flattering for anyone. I am 1.65 m tall and weigh 59 kg and ordered S, so I would say if you feel like you are stuck between S and M, you should definitely choose a size smaller.
President's Cup: Candystripes (Derry City FC) defeat Rovers (Shamrock Rovers) in season opener at Brandywell
(PERSON6) Yes, I was maybe just thinking about what types of data we are currently using for this, because if you look at [ORGANIZATION4]'s models on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already pretty good at these things.
A 16-year-old boy was charged with the murder of two students at a high school in Chicago in December, the police announced on Friday. The suspect is facing two charges of first-degree murder and two charges of attempted murder, announced by Chicago Police Chief David Brown. "Currently, we do not have a clear motive for why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown stated. The name of the suspect was not released on Friday due to his age, although Brown said that he would be charging him as an adult for the murder and attempted murder charges.
Statistics Norway's figures showed that foreigners were spread across all districts of the city, as Søndre Nordstrand, the district at the very south of Oslo, had over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in sought-after areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth-highest number of foreigners. The districts of Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø, and Sagene were also among the ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from another country.
Exactly as described
The gut feeling says that the missing woman is not in the riverbed.
However, for some folders, the audio format is incorrect for an unknown reason. This means that something is wrong - essentially, the large trade is affected, or there is an error. So some files still have a strange output. But for most folders, it should already be okay.  
You get what you pay for.
It might have too many linguistic subtleties. I have to translate it into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, about which I have no idea.
And that's despite not having slept as well here for the past two nights as I do at home, and being a bit ME/CFS-like exhausted due to staying in an unfamiliar environment where I can't organize myself as well and have to remember where things are.
The owner of the Russian Wagner Group, a private military company actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview released late Friday that it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of Ukraine's eastern industrial heartland, the Donbas. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture larger territory east of the Dnipro.
## Rectified English Translation:  (PERSON6) And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them, because they have such a large set of videos, basically covering a wide range of topics and featuring speakers with different native languages on [ORGANIZATION5]. I propose using a tool to download specific videos from [ORGANIZATION5] to create training data.  
I am now on book no. 31 and it's only May.
Thank you to those who have downloaded the latest update for Leasey. A few very small difficulties have arisen. Nothing that would trigger alarm bells, but they will still be fixed. A small update will be created next week to correct them. The majority of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and everyone who needs this help should have it now. Have a nice day!
Now I understand that IDirectXObject2 is usually a true superset of IDirectXObject in practice, without modified function signatures and with new methods that are only added at the end. But this is not always the case; in these cases, it is important which interface is used to create the object in question.
Photos: After restorations, Egypt opens the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM - Kazakh rescuers continue to search for survivors in the rubble in Turkey, Kazinform reports, citing the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergency Situations. The work of the rescuers is hampered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team in Turkey has recovered seven survivors of the earthquake and the bodies of 19 people, including a child. Medical first aid is also being provided around the clock. It is notable that early Monday, a 7.7-magnitude earthquake devastated parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria. To date, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has exceeded 20,000.
In daily life, we are constantly looking for ways to increase our energy and avoid overload, especially at work. This can be extremely difficult for people in healthcare, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burnout in your profession?" Their professions range from infectious disease physicians to psychologists to mindfulness teachers – and they all had good advice on how to stay motivated and ensure progress. Despite the vast differences in their roles, there were several themes in their responses that emerged as opportunities to avoid burnout.
During the fall, Russia had to endure a series of humiliating setbacks as the Ukrainian army launched successful counteroffensives to reclaim large areas in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could last, stating that the so-called "special military operation," would continue until its goals were achieved. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which together form the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian troops since 2014.
A few months ago, I bleached all of my hair and then dyed it with a black box dye. After that, I had highlights put in all over my head. A few weeks later, I applied blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye to my hair, which wouldn't wash out. I used that stuff along with Olaplex No. 3, and it lightened my hair ENORMOUSLY by removing the green and blue parts and also lightening the dark box dye. However, after a day, I noticed a greenish tint in my hair. It got worse every day, and I've now used the color remover twice, with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the box dye was. It's a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
One person was arrested in connection with a protest action in front of the Tate Britain, where a storytime event hosted by a drag queen for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police said, one person was arrested on suspicion of directing a racially motivated comment at a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported and officers remain at the scene, police said.
Great backpack, but too many straps
The last communist leader of the GDR dies at the age of 95.
I also agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. So I asked that you create different versions of this dictionary by only taking the words that were observed five times. And only the pronunciations that were observed three times or more, or something like that. This way, these random errors, like the example with this four IBM instead of IBM, will not occur as often. But nevertheless, you will have the pronunciation variants, because if the person says this "alzo", if you remember, if she says this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the lecture, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if she sometimes manages to say it correctly, then you will see that again in the data. So, I want [PERSON4] to stay in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you stay in the conversation, right? I have to go now because I have to make lunch for the kids and so on. But please stay in this conversation and figure out together how to use this dictionary. So [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please look at that and help convert the dictionary you outputted into that file. One thing that is still needed is the language model replacement. But all these words should be known words. So [PERSON4], you need to figure out which words are in the language model. And the words that are in the language model should just be copied. So the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is outputted. The phonemes, as [PERSON2] suggested. And there will be multiple lines with different phoneme variations. And the third column will again be the same for all of these, and again, the same grapheme form will be there. This is what it looks like when the language model sees it. And I think this way, this system should be able to load it. And you may run into another problem: that it's not ready for two large custom dictionaries. So that's also something that needs to be tested, but please test it together. [PERSON2] knows what he created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to combine these two pieces of knowledge to make it work with the generated dictionary.
Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been in this situation before and has made the same mistakes. The purpose of constructive criticism is to promptly address the issue and is not meant as an attack on your abilities. It is assumed that you are able to fix the problem or find a solution.
Okay, here's the final English translation:  In your case: Source: (PERSON2) <unintelligible>. You like this and it can improve your comfort rating by simply appending phrase-based output. The attention is like bidirectional, so attention is not a problem. I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.  
And so I realized that I had to put together a raiding party.
We are all such untidy creatures.
Your review: Source: Your rating: Source: 3.5 stars Remedy is a friends-to-lovers and second-chance romance all in one. It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do everything he can to win Collins back and prove to her that he's the one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she was finally going to get everything she had ever dreamed of, her
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City won the President's Cup when they defeated Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The FAI Cup champions defeated last year's league winners at Brandywell thanks to goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy in the first half. The Hoops pushed for an equalizer in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team held on to win the opener. Derry will travel to St. Patrick's Athletic for the league opener next Friday. Patching's volley with the inside of his foot put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scored the first goal when the Foylesiders defeated the eventual champions 2-1 last February.
There was particular discomfort that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and assistant to Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP for Warrington North, Charlotte Nichols, was not placed on the list to regain the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major trade unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with the candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have strict processes for who is placed on the list and who is not."
In recent years, certain Hindu extremists have raided stores selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and driven couples holding hands out of restaurants and parks, insisting that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have said that such attacks help restore a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say that his government has pushed a Hindu agenda seeking to establish the dominance of religion in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up almost 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Jains make up the majority of the remaining population.
The hatred in the literature class is even worse: I love to read. I read most of the classics before I turned eighteen - although that's more a reflection of the fact that I live in a small village, I also read the 1979 Encyclopedia Brittanica out of desperation.
Geeky student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusted 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of his exotic beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win any fight over privilege regarding the subpoena of Mike Pence.
It just appeared one day and suddenly it was available everywhere. I entered the Burrata dimension.
Why do people go to such lengths to install Google Maps?
In July 2022, California officials filed charges against Kilcher for two counts of workers' compensation fraud. She was accused of illegally receiving over $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher worked on "Yellowstone," despite the actress claiming to be too injured to work. Kilcher voluntarily appeared in court in May.
I'll have to see whether Bing or Google is better at translating suggestive gay sex puns.
By style transfer, Dusan, do you mean that something would be present in the written language and the target side would be in the spoken language or similar?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I outline are debatable, with some progress in each:
It's ThinkPad day!! I came home during my lunch break and saw it outside uwu. I wish I could take it to work to continue setting it up. But that has to wait until tonight.
Avoid Wi-Fi connection - use Bluetooth! I bought this scale in October 2017 for my wife. At the time, we were in the middle of a move and were living in a hotel. I couldn't connect the scale to the hotel's Wi-Fi. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own Wi-Fi system. March 2018 - I have set up my Wi-Fi system and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get an error message. Even when I'm only 10 feet away from the Wi-Fi device. I followed the instructions in the YouTube video, but without success. When I bought the scale, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the Wi-Fi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the connection to the router, which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a phone! I would not recommend this scale to anyone because of the Wi-Fi connection. Instead, look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication. I will replace this with a Bluetooth connected scale.
(PERSON1) and then we will determine which packages need to be installed in the Petri environment.
Waziri stated that these two tombs belong to prominent individuals who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important eras of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs is T-shaped, a style frequently used in tombs from the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with characteristic inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was the overseer of the state treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
In my youth, I was an insatiable reader. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great storytelling.
Casper the #rat is an absolute huge creature nowadays. I think my new job was good for him - free run twice a day, at pretty predictable times, while I work.
Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are poor on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform is difficult if you want to do it well. I know.
The circumstances of O'Mara were "quite extraordinary," said Reeves, but she admitted: "There are important lessons that the Labour Party and all political parties must learn when selecting candidates. However, I would also say that in this Parliament we have seen the constant undermining of standards in politics, particularly by a series of prime ministers, fines, parties, and standards that fall far short of what one might expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do something wrong, they lose the whip. And that is simply not the case in the Conservative Party."
I'm sorry, I can't assist with that.
Found out the hard way that in the year 2023, local TV station websites are the absolute worst experience on the internet. Pop-ups, auto-playing videos, animations, overlays, and ads, ads, ads. I know ads are their revenue source, but all this crap seems counterproductive if it chases people away. This is still true now that goatse.cx is gone, although it would be a close race for last place between goatse and, say, khou.com, where I was trying to watch a video Wendy had sent me.
I think that's actually an interesting question, whether we can use the constraints to reflect the gender of the speaker in the translation.
## Rectified English Translation:  Jami slipped him the note as they crossed paths, just before the dog watch. She was on her way to the wall, he was coming off duty. He glanced back at her to make sure they weren't being watched. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of his sleeping quarters before he pulled out the note and read it by the light of a flashlight that shone through the blackout curtains. One word in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to stay calm.  
One of the fans sounded unbalanced right after unpacking. The fan speed controls are really unreliable - if you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to turn them to 100% and then slowly turn them back until they start again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be normal for most products of this type in this price range. The feet that are supposed to hold the laptop in an inclined position have broken off several times... They can be reinserted, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, this device has an ideal fan arrangement for laptops that intake air from vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans in the middle and offer very little additional airflow for a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
Yes, if it has a short context and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, it really commits to something that, for example, finds out in one or two seconds, oh, that was actually a bad translation. So it tries to use a different phrasing to specify the matter more accurately. I really liked it. I liked some of the translations. I was really amazed, even though you could see that the model made mistakes on its first attempt, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I also consider important. If you really demand low latency, then I think a slightly lower quality is also okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have poor translation quality and poor fluency, then I think the translation is simply pointless. But if the lower quality is due to the fact that the translation, when you read everything, delivers the same information, but the phrasing is just bad because it used more words, for example, and some corrections and so on. So I think this is completely fine for simultaneous translations as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, like some examples? Because I would like to take a look, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering the best Salesforce services tailored to your company's needs. If you need help, contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can assist you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to help your business succeed in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to lift weights but have no idea what your one-rep max is, because that's one of the key methods to track progress. I train alone in my bedroom without a training partner or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with a lot of weights. I bench press on my bed. When I try to figure out what my one-rep max is, I might not have enough weights to max out, or conversely, it could seriously injure or harm me. Anyway, I'm increasing the weight today. Still feels good.
Out of curiosity, I decided to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps work in comparison on my test iPhone (the device I use daily is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
The UPS Store near me does not allow me to write a label or write on the box. It has to print the label.
(PERSON1) Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.  
The incident occurred following an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers arriving in Britain by boat across the Strait of Dover. Police arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee protest outside a hotel used to house asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool turned violent. Merseyside Police said one officer and two civilians suffered minor injuries in the disturbance in Knowsley on Friday evening. Police said some demonstrators threw objects and set a police vehicle on fire. Those detained, who ranged in age from 13 to 54, were taken into custody following the violent disorder. Merseyside's Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were some injuries to police officers."