I swear that Burrata did not exist five years ago.
I don't know exactly why my brain can't understand it; it could be that the tools are simply too broad and vague, causing my brain to be overwhelmed by 'too many options'.
Because for Interspeech we could also divide the paperwork piece by piece. So that some papers would go to the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submission papers would later come for the PBML proceedings. And the authors would be free to choose. So we would have to negotiate this either with SIGDial or Interspeech. If it is okay for them to have some of our papers, provided that these papers are submitted by the March deadline. So, there is an absolute strict requirement. And I think they can't object to that. Because if the paper is worth publishing. As I said, it's just a bonus that the paper has some results of the shared task appearing at the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't need to request a special session. In Interspeech, this is called a special session, which we don't want. In Interspeech, we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people. If you manage to have your paper ready by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you will have it within Interspeech. Ah, if you don't do it by the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that is for PBML.
My neighbor and I arrived home at the same time, and I could hear him coughing up a Covid mucus storm across the street. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up to me to chat. I swear, Covid-infected people are like zombies trying to infect everyone else.
Yes, so, I mean, at the moment I have been doing the same.
This would mainly be for browsing the internet, occasional emails, and some games.
Source: (PERSON10) Okay, so a question just for me, to make sure you insert the sentence separator in the chaining settings, right? Do you have a special token to distinguish which is the source text and which is the context or the other sentence, or do you just concatenate them without anything? And do you hope that the system learns it?
Donald Trump's heavily indebted skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is reportedly under "lender scrutiny" by Bloomberg due to declining revenues and rising costs. The vacancy rate of the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, as reported by Bloomberg. Expenses have increased by 11% since the mortgage was taken out in 2015, according to Bloomberg. Trump has often spoken proudly of the building, which he acquired in 1995 and was valued at $540 million in 2015.
I loved the ring - but couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I liked the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I gave it 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is that I realized I couldn't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings all the time, so I always make sure to get sterling silver, and I know some people have said that their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine for about a week - even while washing my hands - and noticed no signs of tarnishing. Interestingly, the issue was that the inner ring made my finger white and moist - similar to wearing a bandage for a long time. This happened even when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and had never experienced it with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really liked it! So, if you want to buy this ring to wear only occasionally, I would say, go for it!! You won't be disappointed!
Oh yes, I don't know if you noticed when we talked about [PERSON1] that the (hit) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmas are actually manually inflected correctly, but that's a different, no problem, it's actually good that the <unintelligible/> is correct, yes. So, I thought it could be. But I'm not sure if we have some test data for that, but we could try to experiment with the models with some kind of style transfer? As you know, we can use a constraint and instead use a synonymous constraint and see or compare what the difference is between the outputs. But that's how I'm just vaguely describing it because I myself have no exact idea of how to do it, but it could have been an interesting, standalone scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know anything about data for style transfer for English Czech? Do we have anything?
I haven't really achieved anything. I am happy that a few people have come to me privately and said "look, because of all your work I will grant you this amount".
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign inhabitants lived in Marka, and just over 700 lived in the central district of the city. Ullern, Vestre Aker, and Nordstrand formed the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, these districts had significantly more immigrants than in Central Oslo and Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries as well as from the United Kingdom mainly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo, and St. Hanshaugen. While many residents from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), most were registered as residents of the districts Alna, Stovner, and Søndre Nordstrand.
On the day of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001, in which the World Trade Center was destroyed and 3,000 people were killed, Trump bragged in a television interview that 40 Wall Street suddenly became the tallest building in the city. Not only was his claim insensitive, it was also a lie.
The former disgraced MP Jared O'Mara "should never have been selected as a Labour candidate" and deserves his four-year prison sentence, said the opposition leader in the House of Commons. Rachel Reeves spoke to the Guardian in the Bolton North East constituency on Friday, hours after key figures in the local party had resigned in protest against the control of the parliamentary selection process for the next general election by the Labour Party's National Executive Committee (NEC).
This is a very brief outline of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism, which influence the actual content of the economy, are compatible with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
On the first train today, the ticket inspector looked at our tickets and said "long journey!"
The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the rescue of a very unlucky bear after it got stuck in a culvert. The bear had hidden in a culvert next to the road near Wannaska, Minnesota, according to a Facebook post from the Department. As the snow began to melt, the culvert started to flood, trapping the bear in deep snow and ice, the Department said. Department employees quickly responded to the scene and helped free the bear. The Department's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but dazed - apparently because it was awakened from its hibernation," the Facebook post said. The Department then relocated the bear to a state sanctuary to continue its hibernation. The sleepy carnivore was estimated to be 6 years old and between 375 and 400 pounds.
I loved Collins... It took a while to get used to Grady.
(Person2) Yes, well, generally his exams are quite easy.
Do we have any other topics to discuss today, or is that everything until the new year?
Your case: I'm not satisfied with this result because there are some defects: Accuracy: - No errors  Fluency: - No errors  Locale convention: - No errors  Style: - No errors  Terminology: - No errors  Overall assessment: The translation is accurate, fluent, and follows the appropriate style and terminology. No errors were found.
Source: Quelle: (PERSON6) Also [PERSON2], ergibt das Sinn? Target: Source: (PERSON6) So [PERSON2], does that make sense?
According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two actors in September. Kilcher rose to fame with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she portrayed Pocahontas. Her credits also include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Golden City." She was last seen in the road trip film "Dog," starring Channing Tatum.
This was the first time (but not the last) that Kaveesha Dilhari has scored 20+ runs and taken 2+ wickets in the same T20I. She joins a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this all-round feat in this format.
I extract functionality from my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over the leadership in East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited oppositional forces into the government, but could not stop the growing momentum for German reunification. "The entire peaceful process of creating German unity was exactly a special achievement of his," wrote the Left on Twitter. "That will be his political legacy." During his 16-year term as communist party leader in Dresden from 1973, Modrow built a reputation as an anti-establishment figure. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'M BACK, Baby!
I don't remember exactly, but that's roughly what I started with these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was linking the paraphrase and the source, and maybe I also tried, I don't remember now, I can check it at the next meeting, if I also tried, if the sources are in the first place, then a separator and the paraphrase in the second place. I might have also tried to mix the two things randomly, yes, and I only remember that it has made plenty of this combination story and tried out multi-encoders.
He and Johnny Depp are amazing actors. In terms of their portrayal of Churchill.
Was it Epic that initiated this? We can continue.
A pedestrian has died after a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath on Friday around 1:30 p.m. A 24-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the accident. Police are asking for witnesses or individuals with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our investigations are still ongoing, and we urge anyone who was in the area and witnessed the accident to contact us." I would also like to appeal to anyone who was in the area and may have dashcam footage that could help us with our investigation to get in touch with us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101 and quote the incident from Friday, February 10, 2023, under reference number 1638."
Excuse me, what? My friend recommended the mask of this line, so I bought the mask, this conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't say anything about the effectiveness of the product because the smell was simply unbearable. You know that musty smell that old buildings in the ladies' toilets use to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but it just ends up as this sour, chemical, somehow musty grandma smell? Yeah, that's all I can think of when I smell it. You know, different people, different preferences, so maybe you'll like the smell. My friend said it could even help the most damaged hair, so if you don't care about the scent, then don't worry. I know natural products won't smell as nice as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines just don't pay as much attention to it since it sells anyway, and that's why everything smells like play-doh now. I've lost a few favorite lines because they switched the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (I called Davines and they said it's not), but it smells like I G I T T and I had to return it.
The news that special advisor Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will the Trump team use the courts to disrupt this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to thwart Pence's subpoena on the basis of executive privileges should fail. First and foremost, the fundamental question is whether a former president can even claim the privilege. Remember that Trump tried to prevent the House committee from January 6 from accessing White House records.
Could it be that the Google search is linked with Google Maps?
The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were dedicated on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The dedication was conducted by the Secretary General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Ambassador of Spain in Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and the CSIC, which has been working since 2002. He said that the mission conducted excavation and restoration work and published research findings about the tombs located in the Dra Abu al-Naga area on the west bank of Luxor. They managed to uncover many tombs, coffins, mummies, and a burial garden.
Humanity is out in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working in games. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community form around the user-generated content piece of the game? (I really hope so.) The game's story, the ideas and questions it inspires, feel current. I hope everything goes well.
Porro had a forgettable afternoon against Leicester (Image: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
The book was difficult to follow as it jumped back and forth a lot. The title also does not fit the story. The author hinted that several people were infected by this extraterrestrial, but left out many details about when or how it happened. Sometimes I was confused and had to go back and read a lot again to make sure I hadn't missed anything.
For the upcoming meetings, I have inquired as needed because I saw the (Meme) project demo. They do offline captioning. So that's something easier than what we do. They still have the same segmentation issues, etc. But their goal in translation is simply shorter because the data is shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles created for the deaf or hard of hearing. So there is a natural shortening of the data. It would be great if we could also find this kind of data where a natural shortening occurs. We would incorporate it into the architecture.
Trump's Prized 40 Wall Street Building On 'Lender Watch' Amid Dropping Income: Report
So, with a new #FFXIV raid tier on the horizon, I've long thought "Man, I'd love to try real raiding, but the Party Finder sounds like a mess, and I'll never find a static group that will take me in."
After years of reading almost nothing (except for functional professional literature and occasional self-help books), I have set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
I tried, I think, two tokens and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token could also be tokenized, I then repeated it with another token that was not only for this purpose, because we used a pre-made dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain separator tokens. So I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and so it will appear once. I had no guarantee that this token could appear in other places in the sentence and that is the only place it could appear. So it could be done better, yes, I agree.
Scammed by Vision Supplies
This is for the component library of Wikipedia (OOUI). It mainly consists of semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which the connectedCallback provides).
Nicholas works with farmers to reduce the use of pesticides while finding ways to address issues caused by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can devastate corn fields.
Confusing plot - Your case: Confusing plot
It has a slimmer design form that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp edges to get caught on, and with the power cable as a permanent attachment, it is far less susceptible to damage than the original XB1 controller. The disadvantages are: 1) The vibration effect triggered in action games feels much weaker. 2) The directional joystick and buttons of the controller wear out very quickly. We are very clumsy and tend to wear out 2-3 controllers per year. Therefore, we must be selective and careful in our annual investments in controllers. The controller could be equipped with more durable springs; after a few months, the most frequently used buttons no longer respond and the right joystick loses its centering, meaning the map screens zoom in and the characters move forward without the controls being touched.
Very nice guitar. It's a shame that the company doesn't know how to protect their product. Don't even bother trying to get an undamaged one. We returned 2 because they were damaged during shipping, and the third one was also damaged. We gave up. They ship them in a soft thin case with a sheet of brown paper in a box. No padding.
There was already remote work before 2020. There will also be jobs in the foreseeable future that can be done remotely.
One of the girls said, "You'll get that." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," said her father, Michael Kuch, to CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he is angry and wants everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of becoming a father. Joel uses his abilities and skills to carry out extreme acts of violence in order to complete a task that is coded as "caring."
I often wonder about the human ability to look down so much on oneself, while being surrounded by so much evidence of what real cruelty looks like.
We hope that Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42. If he does, he has not fully shared it.
"You don't hear that often 'I'm only bringing him to Glasgow,' said the ticket seller."
Cool idea! Just needs a few improvements to become a truly great product.
We are currently using a MutationObserver trick. For performance reasons, we are not observing the entire document. We create a separate temporary parent element, install the MO there, and observe how it is detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
It turned out that I assumed that the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3, which has additional methods appended in comparison to an IDirect3DViewport, which I implemented.
(Person1) I could think about it. I don't really know Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Minnesota biologists rescue trapped black bear.
As she continued to explain, there is a method to a strategy that most people within the Beltway would consider madness: This is the best way to gain the trust of the press. They will know that we do not manipulate like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We could sometimes embarrass ourselves and reveal things that we - and others - could easily hide, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this, and soon we will have a built-in defense mechanism if we are attacked. Regardless of what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This may be the most important reason for Biden to pursue the course of radical accountability: In every presidency, there are inevitably moments when the trust of the public and the institutions that protect the citizens' interest is crucial. Furthermore, there is important capital that can be earned by admitting our mistakes, and there is an important distinction that Biden can draw with his political opponents. The president would do well to follow the old adage: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, well. Ignore me, well. It hurts, but you must remain yourself.
Yes, because I think it is a method that is very easy to test, and it should always be tested in comparison to the two encoders, and I would expect that sometimes it is better and sometimes worse than the two encoders, depending on the exact task, how exactly the second thing you are encoding is. So, maybe if you have two copies, two rewrites of the same sentence, it might be somehow confusing for attention, so, I don't know. The behavior could also be different for the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to the Transformer, so for RNN it may have behaved differently, maybe with Transformer, yes, it is harder to train, so you may need to increase the number of warm-ups, the warm-up sets.
I have to send a random address via email, with unformatted data, so that the employee can read the email and enter it into their system to print a label.
Now, let's focus on the following English-German translation pair. Source: #FalconGameBooks Your case book:
I have only good things to say about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas gifts with the bags, wrapping paper, and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the different size options make it easy to choose the perfect one for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely nice and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I am satisfied with my product. 5 stars all around!
No, I did not edit it. So [PERSON1] said that once they receive the transcript, we will do it together.
I quite like the software akkoma and the domain name I received for my instance. But somehow, I feel like I started off wrong with this instance, so to speak. And I never really felt comfortable there. I will stay here for a while longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
Well, since it applies here, I had to expand my Viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods so that the call to the new one was valid.
Intersex is even recognized by TERFs and similar individuals because it is generally more physical and therefore visible. In the same way that many consider mental health to be less "real" than physical health, I feel that being transgender is simply intersex of the mind.
Source: Quelle: Biden DOJ 'Will keine bewaffneten Bürger'  Target: Source: Biden DOJ 'Does not want armed citizens'
(Person17) Yes, so for the multi-accent English. So, we are now in the process of integrating all of this into a single technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he will create new sentences with words that have been spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So these will really be multi-speaker sentences, and therefore the robustness against the different accents of these speakers could also be improved. Ah, so this is a particle experiment. And later we could do something else on the multi-accent topic. So, these new sentences will actually try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. The ASR system needs to see the largest possible amount of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the pure text language model by adding the tone, so that the language model for the ASR becomes better and the robustness against different speakers also becomes better. And yesterday during a presentation I heard another idea. It was during training. They took out time bands and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained on disturbed inputs, and that also significantly improved the robustness of the system.
For what it's worth, I have tried almost every "humane" trap on the market, with very little success. I am not particularly happy about killing them, but I will not tolerate any comments on the ethics of killing mice.
And I think that only two or three sentences were conjugated correctly in the wrong context, as the translation was wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong, and the part must be <unintelligible/>, but that was only like one or two cases.
PERSON11: This is important. Please write this here in the documentation tool of this <unintelligible/> summary, because it is for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you speak with [PERSON10], as well as possibly [PERSON5]. When we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple employees <unintelligible/> We need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR, and the Czech ASR, depending on the <other_noise/> And also to these language identification employees, and then we need to merge these outputs, and this is a tool that we do not yet have. This is the multi-source tool that will monitor the text outputs and also follow the timestamps and it would - it would likely produce the output in three separate language channels, to use either silence or the correct ASR. So, we need a filter for the ASRs, so that the ASR is silent when it is the wrong language, and it is the recognized text when it is the right language. I have come up with this kind of setup. Another type of setup would be that the same audio is sent to the ASR and this language identification verifier. This language identification verifier is essentially a part of the ASR that mutes the ASR when it is the wrong language. That is also an option. So we need to figure out which type of integration of the language ID is best for our purposes. So please continue to think about how our pipelines look. Ideally, I think the least confusion and so on would arise if our MT models were multilingual. If they supported different source languages and translated into English from one of these languages. Possibly only make a copy when English is given as input, so that we would have multilingual multiple ASRs at the beginning. All go into English, and then from English into all languages. And later, if [PERSON12] had a multilingual model of the ASR, this language ID would not even be necessary.
Well, one of them was there for me yesterday.
It is fake news, CBN disproves the claim that it does not have enough capacity to print additional Naira notes.
The piano is ideal for beginners! It promotes the inner artistic ability and musical talent of your child. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, but it actually works and allows your child to play music at an early age. If you want your child to become a future pianist, you should try this piano! Very worthwhile!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching as you land the flyer on the red ground, but they do not move towards you, in fact, they remain motionless as you step out of the flyer and slowly approach them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then shake, as if in an earthquake, and you lose your footing, although the Repnids seem unfazed. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. Repnids have tunneled beneath the surface and you fall into a boiling mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. The end is swift, as several pairs of teeth inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
The more I read studies on sex, gender, psychology, the more the statement "My sex is male, my gender is female" seems to be easier and more inaccurate. It almost seems as if one is conceding a part of an argument to TERFs. I feel that being trans means being "biologically non-binary." My sex is non-binary, my gender is female.
Antonio Conte complained about the defense, and this player is currently having difficulties in defending. He is facing very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing. Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester extended their lead to 4-1 when Barnes scored nine minutes before the end of the match. Despite the victory against Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to overtake Newcastle and improve to third place.
I have been toying with this thought for a while.
Do you know an efficient way for a web component to react to adding/removing from a document?
Source: Quelle: (PERSON7) Nun, okay. Also, ja, ich werde am 21. nachsehen, und ansonsten werde ich ihnen eine E-Mail schicken.  Target: Source: (PERSON7) Well, okay. So, yes, I will check on the 21st, and otherwise I will send them an email.
I asked the seller if the color was too yellow before I bought it, and I was told that it looks like antique gold, darker. Nothing close! The set looks VERY cheap. It is super shiny yellow with lots of zirconia, even shinier. Looks great in the photo, but in real life I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Nevertheless, they have left behind unimaginable fear, terror, and displacement and expulsion with the invisible mark of trauma.
The battery life is terrible on the one I bought on Amazon. Still can't believe that Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing comes close to it. I absolutely love this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The dog destroyed the first one, the husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works, but there's an elbow print in the middle of the touchscreen, thanks to the husband... bought this as a replacement and the screen is great, but the battery it came with may only last a few days. My original (the third one) lasts weeks on a charge and I use my remote for everything.
Musical beginning
Father says his daughter committed suicide after being harassed at a school in New Jersey.
These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO of a large company. It's all clickbait, but it worries me about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He also argues that the NDP and Progressives want to reduce society for the benefit of the environment. "You are the carbon dioxide they want to reduce."
Oh, I understand, oh yes, those are the two scores, right?
Africans formed the third largest group of immigrants in Oslo, with 28,020 people from Africa living in Oslo. Europeans from countries that are not part of the United Kingdom, the EU, or the EEA were the fourth largest group and accounted for 15,566 residents of Oslo. From here, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, there were just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries in 2022, while there were slightly over 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Meanwhile, there were fewer than 700 people from Oceania in Oslo.
I bought these in February. Recently, I tried to use them, and unfortunately, my Keurig machine gives me an error message every time I try, saying that the capsule is not compatible with my machine. I have been using Donut Shop capsules in my machine since the first purchase and never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee capsule, I noticed that the code on the top of the capsule is not very readable, so I can only assume that I have a faulty box. I bought a box of 72 pieces, which is 6 boxes of 12 pieces each. I even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and always get the same error message. I know it's not my machine, as other capsules I try work perfectly. It's only with this delivery that I have this problem. Very disappointing, as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer service representative who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer service!
The task this week at Revelry is to stay awake all night. I have been playing with this little thought in my head in the last few days. It is definitely more romantic than filth. Maybe I have read too many novels with impossible romantic encounters and this is the result, but I like it. One day I will definitely experience the chemistry in the air, maybe not with a stranger.
All I needed
Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of the attack at Central Regional High School was posted online. The video showed girls throwing a drink into a girl's face, then kicking her and pulling her through the school hallways. They pushed Adriana into the red lockers lining the school hallways, and one of the girls in a pink shirt repeatedly hit Kuch.
I give him 3 stars for now, I do not want to leave a bad review for the seller unless he deserves it, but this drone overheats a lot. I am not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello themselves, but I will probably try both to see what they say. I like the drone, it is a cool little toy that flies better than some larger older drones, and some of my larger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it is the only drone I have ever had overheating issues with, and it actually takes the fun out of flying. I assume it is a manufacturing issue for now that they need to address as soon as possible if they want to make their product successful. I really hope the seller did not send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I give the seller credit for the delivery, as it arrived one day after purchase. I will update my review after contacting the seller and DJI Tello.
White nationalists, weapons enthusiasts, pro-dictatorial right... that's where the danger lies. Expel the white supremacists.
Later in life, Modrow was active in the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left Party faction in parliament. "Until old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Yes, I think - wasn't it Dominik who did some experiments with Ivana? I believe, last year or two years ago, for double blanks, where they visited the context or linked the context with the input sentence and performed a kind of document-level translation. But the problem with this linking is not quite certain if it has the same effect as our multi-encoder setup.
Great attention is being paid to the development of sports infrastructure. A clear proof of this is the sports complex with over six thousand seats," said the letter from the Kazakh President. Kazakh athletes successfully compete in major international competitions and represent Kazakhstan. They are a role model for the upcoming generation and inspire youth to achieve great victories, emphasized Tokayev. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give a new impetus to the development of athletics in the country and will advocate for increased cooperation with international organizations in this area.
So, I finally watched #Heartstopper.
As much as we may like some people, if they only offer a small league team for fascists, they should probably go through with it.
For over 6 years, they had keys to my apartment.
The Indian government withdraws appeal to hug cows on Valentine's Day after criticism.
One of the craziest parts about my neighbors turning against me is considering how much effort it takes to be hostile towards me.
Of course they have lowered corporate taxes. But they have also cut subsidies and tax credits that promote more business activity.
And my idea is that a customer clicks on this microphone button and starts speaking, and while the user is speaking, you send the audio simultaneously in small pieces. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And put it on the HTTP server in a queue that I will later process with (ASR). And the model will draw some logic, some conclusions from it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcription, it will send it back, and the user should receive the partial transcript. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
(Person7) Yeah, yeah, it is actually very important to parallelize everything, both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell data frame, because you would have to run this many times, there will be errors, you have to restart this quickly.
Yes, thank you.
My dog has not destroyed it yet.
IN NUMBERS: The Oslo neighborhoods where most foreigners live
Anteater with amethyst and magenta spikes. They are of average size, have an average physique, and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their fur is raspberry rust, short, and curly. Their eyesight is pear-shaped and they wear scarlet cat eye glasses. Their most interesting trait is their good deeds.
Playing around a bit with Flutter. I would hate, to be honest, to build my business on Google technology, on the other hand, Google is one of the few big players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and that shows.
Abe keeps his worries hidden and laughs easily, while Tom is not afraid to cry but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before she lets you see that she is hurt, and prefers to laugh when things are upside down. Mio knows that sorrow is a constant companion of life.
I was disappointed when I received this item, as the silver part that goes around the face seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't so much that it was plastic that disappointed me, but the fact that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the entire look. I also didn't trust it to hold up in everyday use, so I returned it. I was disappointed because it seemed like it would have been a good deal if it weren't for that. If you can overlook that, it might be right for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
Source: Quelle: Ich bin es müde, dass sich konservative Parteien und Regierungen in das Image der Wirtschaftsfreundlichkeit hüllen. Zumindest nicht in Alberta.  Target: Source: I am tired of conservative parties and governments wrapping themselves in the image of business friendliness. At least not in Alberta.
Tim Sherwood criticizes £44m newcomer Pedro Porro after disappointing Tottenham debut.
You land the aircraft with the nose up on the side of the slag heap and get out. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they make no move towards you, in fact they are motionless as you slowly approach them. You stop while still standing on the hill of broken stone and earth, and speak to them, saying: "I come in peace, as a friend." It seems they cannot hear you, let alone understand, as your universal translator receives no response. You decide to use your psychic perception to mentally contact them. It is difficult to make sense of their thoughts; they are terrifyingly alien, and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make contact again, and return to your aircraft, but the experience has cleared your mind, which has been confused since your jump into the future. Back in Falcon's Wing, you find it quite easy to plan a course for Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have consumed another polybdenum rod when you jumped.
(Person1) I mean, we are using something similar to Hypercore for the text flow, but I'm not sure if that would work here.
A freshly graduated artist took criticism poorly this evening. Partly because they were poorly informed. But it is important not to make excuses for problems and simply fix them, especially in production when your leader needs changes. Especially with the competition.
I bought this lamp to complement the light my new vegetable seedlings were getting from the window. I like many of the features of these lamps. Pros: First, they are easy to attach to my shelf and bend into many positions, allowing me to make changes as my plants grow. The lamps are cool to the touch and have not caused any damage even when touching the plants. I believe my vegetable seedlings have benefited from the lamps. The lamps are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I have not used the timer, but prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature being useful in an office with houseplants or while on vacation. Cons: I do not believe these lamps are strong enough to be the main light source for seedlings. The lamps are small! When the lamps burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
I want to see how these companies that facilitate transactions explain to their customers how they set their fees. They will not talk about this on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will do so.
Plans to plant lettuce in a 6-row pattern at the University of Pennsylvania and see how it compares to scattered beds.
I literally tried every single one and discarded them. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my transcripts.
Source: (PERSON1) Yes, I believe he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we want an A, we will get an A. You should only submit it by the second deadline. That was pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that according to the trends of previous years, many people do not do that. They find it easier to study for the exam. No, sorry, to learn for the exam.
The modified version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function at the end of a vtable.
Early in the morning, IR satellite and ground-based observations showed an expanding area with low stratus clouds and isolated <URL>
The Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov expressed his special thanks to the President of the Asian Athletics Association Dahlan al-Hamad for his support in the preparation and implementation of the championships. The Asian Athletics Indoor Championships are taking place for the first time in the Commonwealth of Independent States. The tournament brought together over 500 athletes from 31 countries who are set to compete in races, relays, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put, and heptathlon. The championships are scheduled to last until February 12. Previously, it was reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000m and Olga Safronova won the silver medal in the women's 60m at the championships.
Not like other Tomb Raider games.
Remote work allows people to work in comfortable spaces rather than stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for anyone with an internet connection and a good workspace. It allows people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and their families.
It is also something that I have never said before.
It is only about the dilemma score for the (European?) that is not in the table because the table does not fit on the paper, so <unintelligible/>. The coverage is always about 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmata, simply-
I was fortunate to spend six unforgettable months with Nicholas in 2011, supporting a variety of projects. When we met over the weekend, I was delighted to hear about the progress, especially in tree planting and support for farmers. Thousands of trees have been planted, and farmers have seen increased crop yields through various measures of support, from equipment purchases to training.
This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is elegant and soft. It does not crease, even after being stuffed in plastic and a box, it was very smooth, so that's really cool. This can be easily worn casually or elegantly and has a kind of vintage flair due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think this could flatter anyone. I am 5'5" and 130 pounds and ordered the small size, so I would say if you feel stuck between a small and medium size, definitely choose the smaller size.
President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in the season opener at Brandywell.
Yes, I may have just been thinking about what types of data we are currently using for this, because for example, if you review the models of [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], they are already quite good at these things -
A 16-year-old boy was charged with the murder of two students at a high school in Chicago in December, as announced by the police on Friday. The suspect is facing two charges of first-degree murder and two charges of attempted first-degree murder, announced Chicago police chief David Brown. "We currently do not have a clear motive for why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The name of the suspect was not released on Friday due to his age, although Brown stated that he would prosecute the murder and attempted murder charges as an adult.
The numbers from the Statistical Central Office of Norway showed that immigrants were distributed across all city districts, as Søndre Nordstrand, the southernmost district in Oslo, had over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth most immigrants. Following that were Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø, and Sagene as the remaining of the ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from a different country.
Exactly as described
The gut feeling says that the missing person is not in the river.
But in some folders, the audio format is wrong for some reason, so something is not right - Basically something is wrong. So some files still have strange results. But for most folders, it should already be fine.
You get what you pay for.
It may have too many linguistic intricacies. I have to translate it into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, of which I know absolutely nothing.
And that, even though I haven't slept as well here in the last two nights as at home, and am a little exhausted simply because I am in an unfamiliar environment, where I can't manage my time as well and have to remember where things are.
The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, who is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could last for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview released late on Friday that it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to secure full control over the eastern industrial heart of Ukraine, Donbas. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to conquer more areas to the east of the Dnieper River.
And I think that we could - We could probably get the data from them because you have a large number of videos with different domains and different mother tongues on [ORGANIZATION5]. And I had the idea that we could simply use a tool to basically download some types of filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and create a training set from them.
I am now on book #31 and it is only May.
Thank you to those who have downloaded the latest update for Leasey. A few very small difficulties have arisen. Nothing that would trigger alarm bells, but they will still be fixed. A small update will be created next week to correct them. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and all those who need this help should have it now. Have a nice day!
Now I understand that in practice IDirectXObject2 is usually a correct superset of IDirectXObject, without changed function signatures, and new methods are only added at the end. However, this is not always the case; in these instances, it is important which interface you use to create the respective object.
Photos: Egypt dedicates the tombs of Djehuty and Hery following the restorations.
GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM - Kazakh rescue teams continue to dig in the rubble to search for survivors in Turkey, as reported by Kazinform citing the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergencies. The work of the rescue teams is hindered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue teams have recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including a child, in Turkey. Medical first aid is also being provided around the clock. It is noteworthy that a magnitude 7.7 earthquake, which devastated parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria, occurred early on Monday. As of today, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey exceeds 20,000.
In our everyday life, we are constantly looking for ways to increase our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our jobs. This can be extremely difficult for those in the healthcare industry, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness professionals the same question: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burnout in your profession?" Their careers range from infectious disease doctors to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep the ball rolling. Despite the great differences in their roles, there were several themes in their responses that stood out as ways to avoid burnout.
Russia experienced a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall as the Ukrainian army launched successful counteroffensives to recapture wide areas in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making forecasts about how long the fighting could last and stated that the so-called "special military operation" will continue until its goals are achieved. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which make up the Donbass region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
A few months ago, I bleached my entire head and then dyed it with a black box color. After that, I had highlights put in everywhere. A few weeks later, I applied blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye that wouldn't wash out. I used this product with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened significantly everywhere, removing the green and blue parts as well as the dark box color. However, I noticed a green tint in my hair after a day. It gets worse every day and I have now used the color remover twice, with the same results. My hair is also getting darker where the box color was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
A person was arrested at a protest outside Tate Britain, where a drag queen reading session for children was taking place. London police said a person was arrested for making a racially motivated comment towards a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported and officers remain on the scene, according to police.
Great backpack, but overdone with the straps.
The last communist leader of East Germany dies at the age of 95.
And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. So I asked that you would have different versions of this dictionary by only taking the words that have been observed five times. And only the pronunciations that have been observed three or more times, or something similar. This way, these random errors, like the example with this four IBM instead of IBM, will not be as common. But you will still have variations in pronunciation, because if the person says "alzo", if you remember, if he says "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the conversation, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if he sometimes manages to say it correctly, then you will see that again in the data. So I would like [PERSON4] to get in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe continue the conversation, right? I have to go now because I have to give lunch to the children and so on. But please stay in this conversation and figure out together how you can use this dictionary. So [PERSON4], show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please look at it and help convert the dictionary you created into this file. One thing that is still needed is the replacement of the language model. But all these words should be known words. So [PERSON4], you need to find out which words are included in the language model. And the words that are included in the language model should be simply copied. So the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is output. One recognized. The phonemes, as [PERSON2] suggested. And there will be multiple rows with different phoneme variations. And the third column will also be the same for all of these, and again the same grapheme form will be present. This is what the language model looks like. And I think that in this way these systems should be able to load it. And you may also encounter another problem: that it is not ready for two large custom dictionaries. So that is also something that needs to be tested, but please test it together. So [PERSON2] knows what he has created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to bring this knowledge together. Ah, so that it works with the generated dictionary.
It did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre.
Every artist has been there before, has made the same mistakes. Good criticism is there to quickly correct the problem, and is not directed against your ability. It is assumed that you have the ability to fix the problem or find a solution.
Your case: (PERSON2) <incomprehensible/> that you like can improve your convenience score by simply adding phrase-based output, and attention is like double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so I believe you, but it is surprising that it did not work.
And so I found myself having to sort out a raid group's list again.
We are all such messy creatures.
3 1/2 Stars Remedy is a love story between a brother's best friend and a second chance love story in one. It is a unique story, and the hero (Grady) must do everything to win back Collins and prove that he is the right one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had an amazing night together. Collins thought she would finally get everything she had dreamed of, her brother's best friend... but when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him, something definitely changed. Now Grady is back, and he's not going away, and he's doing everything in his power to prove to her why he left and that he won't give up on her this time.
But did I love it? Absolutely!
Derry City won the President's Cup as they defeated Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The FAI Cup winners beat last year's league champions at Brandywell thanks to goals by Will Patching and Michael Duffy in the first half. The Hoops pushed for an equalizer in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' team held firm and won the opener. Derry travels next Friday for the league opener against St. Patrick's Athletic. Patching's side-footed shot put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scored the opening goal when the Foylesiders won 2-1 against the eventual champions last February.
There was particular discomfort that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and assistant to Jeremy Corbyn-supporting MP for Warrington North, Charlotte Nichols, was not put on the list to regain the seat from the Conservatives, despite receiving nominations from four major trade unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with the selection of candidates, but added: "I know it's really important that we have strict processes for who can be put on the list and who cannot."
In recent years, certain Hindu hardliners have raided stores selling Valentine's Day items, burned cards and gifts, and driven couples holding hands out of restaurants and parks, insisting that the day violates traditional values and promotes promiscuity. Hindu nationalist groups like Shiv Sena and Bajrang Dal have said that such attacks contribute to restoring a Hindu identity. Critics of Prime Minister Narendra Modi say that his government has pursued a Hindu agenda to seek dominance of the religion in a secular nation known for its diversity. While Hindus make up almost 80% of the nearly 1.4 billion people, the rest are mostly Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Jains.
The hatred for literature classes is even worse: I love to read. I have read most of the classics before eighteen - although that is more of a reflection of living in the middle of nowhere, I also read the Encyclopedia Britannica from 1979 out of desperation.
The case: The nerdy student Arnie Cunningham falls in love with Christine, a rusty 1958 Plymouth Fury, and becomes obsessed with restoring the classic car to its former glory. As the car changes, so does Arnie, whose newfound confidence behind the wheel of this exotic beauty turns into arrogance.
Jack Smith should win every privilege struggle over the subpoena of Mike Pence.
It simply appeared one day and suddenly it was available everywhere. I entered the Burrata dimension.
So why do people go through the extra effort to install Google Maps?
In July 2022, California officials charged Kilcher with two offenses related to fraud in workers' compensation and accused her of illegally collecting over $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The period also includes several months during which Kilcher was working on "Yellowstone," despite the actress claiming to be too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was charged in May.
Your situation: Source: I will probably have to find out if Bing or Google are better at translating dirty gay jokes.
With style transfer, do you mean that there would be something in the written language, and you would be on the target side, in the spoken language or something like that?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth trying. The four steps I list are worth discussing, with some progress in each.
It's ThinkPad day!! I came home during my lunch break and saw it outside uwu. Wished I could take it to work to set up more things. But that will have to wait until this evening.
Avoid Wifi connection - use Bluetooth! I bought this for my wife in October 2017. At the time, we were in the middle of moving and living in a hotel. I couldn't connect this scale to the hotel's WiFi. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own WiFi system. March 2018 - I set up my WiFi system, but this scale still doesn't connect. Every time I try, I get an error message. Even when I'm 3 meters away from the WiFi router. I followed the YouTube setup video, but without success. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the WiFi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a phone! I wouldn't recommend this scale to anyone because of the WiFi connection. Instead, please look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication. I'm replacing this with a scale with Bluetooth connection.
(Person1) and then we will find out which packages are to be installed in the Petri environment.
Wazir explained that these two tombs belong to prominent individuals who lived during the early 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important periods of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs is T-shaped, a style commonly used in tombs from the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with distinct inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was overseer of the state's property and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
I was a passionate reader in my youth. Then life shattered my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great storytelling skills.
Casper the #Rat is an absolute unit these days. I think my new job has been good for him - two free outings a day while I work, at pretty predictable times.
Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are poor on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform is difficult if you want to do it well. I know.
The circumstances surrounding O'Mara were "quite extraordinary," said Reeves, but she acknowledged: "There are important lessons for the Labour Party and all political parties in the selection of candidates. But I would also say that we have seen a constant undermining of standards in politics in this parliament, not least by a number of prime ministers and parties and standards that are far below what one could expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do something wrong, they lose the whip. And that is simply not the case with the Conservative Party."
Let us focus on the following.
I found out the hard way that local TV station websites in 2023 are the absolute worst experience on the internet. Popups, automatically played videos, animations, popovers, and advertising, advertising, advertising. I know that advertising is their source of income, but all this garbage seems counterproductive when it drives people away. This also applies now, even though goatse.cx is gone, although it would be a close race for last place between goatse and, for example, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video that Wendy sent me.
I think that is actually an interesting question, whether we can use the restrictions to enforce this type of gender of the speaker in the translation.
Jami pushed the note towards him as they met on the way, just before guard duty. She was on her way to the wall, he had just finished his shift. He glanced back to see her walk away and make sure they weren't seen. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the barracks before pulling out the note and reading it in the beam of light that shone through the blackout curtains. One word in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to remain calm.
One of the fans sounded unbalanced straight out of the box. The speed controllers are really unreliable - if you set them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to set them to 100% and then slowly turn them back until they are turned on again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be the case with most products of this kind in this price range. The feet for holding the laptop in an inclined position have broken off a few times... They can be reattached, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, this cooling pad has an ideal fan placement for laptops that draw air from the vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans towards the center and provide very little additional airflow to a laptop with this cooling configuration.
Yes, if it has a short context and because I base decisions on very short contexts for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that it finds out in, for example, a second or two, oh, well, that was actually a poor translation. So try to use a different wording. For example, to describe the matter more precisely. So I really liked it. I like some of the translations. I was really amazed, even though you could see that the model made mistakes in its first attempt, it really wanted to make a kind of correction. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I also find important. If you really demand low latency, then I think that even a slightly lower quality is fine as long as the fluency is good. Because if you have poor translation quality and poor fluency, then I think the translation is simply meaningless. But if the lower quality is because the translation, when you read everything, receives the same information, but the wording is simply bad because it uses more words, and has used some corrections and things. So I think this is completely fine for simultaneous translations, as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, like some examples? Because I would like to look into it, just out of curiosity.
Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners that offers the best Salesforce services tailored to the needs of your business. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Learn how a Salesforce partner can help you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to help your business thrive in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to do weightlifting but also have no idea what your maximum weight for one repetition is because that is one of the most important ways people track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom without a training partner or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with a bunch of weights. I do bench presses on my bed. When I try to find out my maximum weight for one repetition, it could be that I don't have enough weights to reach my maximum, or on the contrary, it could seriously injure/kill me. Either way, the weight is being increased today. Still feels good.
Curious, I kept my mind open to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my test iPhone device (my daily used device is an Android device, so it is rare that I use an iPhone).
The UPS store near me does not allow me to write on a label or on the box. You need to print the label.
I think that the online text flow is approximately at least 2,000.
The incident occurred after an increase in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel in boats to reach the UK. The police arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration outside a hotel used to accommodate asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool turned violent. The Merseyside police department said that a police officer and two civilians sustained minor injuries during the riots on Friday evening in Knowsley. The police said that some demonstrators threw objects and set a police car on fire. The arrested individuals, aged 13 to 54, were taken into custody "after violent disturbance." Merseyside Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous and there were a few injuries among the police officers."