Your case: Source: I swear, Burrata didn't exist five years ago.
Your case: Source: I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be that the tools are just so broad and vague that my brain just freezes due to "too many options".  Target: I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure it out; it could be that the tools are just so broad and vague that my brain just freezes due to "too many options".
Your case: Source: Since we can also split the contributions for Interspeech as we like, some contributions would flow into the Interspeech negotiations. Some of our submitted contributions would later be considered for the PBML negotiations. The authors would be free to choose. Therefore, we have to negotiate this either with SIGDial or Interspeech. If it is okay with them to consider some of our contributions, provided that these contributions are submitted by the March deadline. So there is an absolute strict requirement. And I think they can't have anything against it. Because if the contribution is worth publishing, it is only a bonus that the contribution contains some results of the joint task in the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't have to apply for a special session. In Interspeech, that's called a special session, which we don't want. In Interspeech, we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people: If you manage to finish your paper by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper, and you will have it within Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it, ah, do it for the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that's for PBML.
Your case: Source: My neighbor and I arrived home at the same time, and I could hear him coughing from across the street, like he was spitting out a covid slime storm. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch me.
Your case: Source: Your situation: Source: (PERSON1) Yes, well, I mean, I've been doing the same thing lately.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: This would be mainly for surfing the internet, occasional emails and some games.
Your case: Source: (PERSON10) Okay, just a question for me to make sure you're including the sentence boundary token in the concatenation settings, right? You have a special token to distinguish which is the source and which is the context or the other sentence, or are you just concatenating them without anything? And are you hoping the system will learn it?
Your case: Source: Donald Trump's heavily indebted skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender scrutiny" as revenues fall and costs rise, according to a Bloomberg report on Friday. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - rose to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly report on the building's remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Expenses have reportedly risen 11% since the mortgage was taken out in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and which was valued at $540 million in 2015.
Your case: Source: I loved the ring - but I couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I only gave 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is that I found I couldn't wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings all the time, which is why I always make sure to buy sterling silver, and I know some people said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine for about a week straight - even while washing my hands - and hadn't noticed any tarnishing. Interestingly, the problem I had was that the inner band of the ring actually made my finger white and damp - kind of like a plaster when you leave it on for a long time. This happened even when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and have never experienced it with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really loved it! So if you only want to wear this ring occasionally, you should buy it! You won't be disappointed!
Your case: Source: (PERSON3) Oh yes, only I don't know if you, if you, if you <unintelligible/> understand, when we talked about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (stroke) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmas are actually manually inflected correctly, but that's another, no, no problem, it's actually good that it's <unintelligible/> correct, yes. So, I thought it might be. But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try playing around with the models with some kind of style transfer? As you know, we can use a constraint and try to use a synonymous constraint instead and see or compare how, how, how big the difference is between the outputs. But that's, as I'm just vaguely describing it, because I myself don't have a clear idea of how to do it, but it could have been an interesting, stand-alone scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know of any data on style transfer for English-Czech? Do we have anything?
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people came to me privately and said, "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to give you this amount of money."  Target: Your case: Source: I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people came to me privately and said, "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to give you this amount of money."
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents lived in Marka, and just over 700 lived in the city's central district. Ullern, Vestre Aker, and Nordstrand were the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, significantly more immigrants lived in these districts than in central Oslo and Marka. Those from EU and EEA countries and those from the United Kingdom lived mainly in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo, and St. Hanshaugen. Meanwhile, many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Game Oslo (5,837), but the majority were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner, and Søndre Nordstrand.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  
Your case: Source: Ihr  Target: You
Your case: Source: Ihr  Target: Your
Your case: Source: ## English Translation:  Your case: Source: This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism influencing the actual content of science are compatible with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: On the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said "Long journey!"  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.   Target: In the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said "Long journey!"
Your case: Source: The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear that was trapped in a ditch. The bear had taken refuge in a culvert near the road near Wannaska, Minnesota, according to a Facebook post by the department. However, as the snow began to melt, the culvert began to flood and the bear became trapped in deep snow and ice, according to the department. Department staff responded quickly and helped free the bear. The department's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but dazed - apparently from being awakened from its hibernation," according to the Facebook post. The department then transported the bear to a state wildlife area to continue its hibernation. The sleepy predator was estimated to be 6 years old and between 375 and 400 pounds.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Loved Collins... It took a while for Grady to warm up  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: (PERSON2) Yes, because his exams are generally quite easy.  Target: (PERSON2) Yes, because his exams are generally quite easy. 
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON7) Do we have any other topics to discuss, or is that all until the new year?  Target: Do we have any other topics to discuss, or is that all until the new year?
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The experience of following instructions was significantly better with Apple Maps compared to Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON6) So [PERSON2], does that make sense?  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher rose to fame with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she played Pocahontas. Her other credits include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." She was most recently seen in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.
Your case: Source: This was the first time (but not the last) that Kaveesha Dilhari has both scored 20+ runs and taken 2+ wickets in the same T20I. She joins a select group of Sri Lankan women to have achieved this all-round feat in this format.  Target: This was the first time (but not the last) that Kaveesha Dilhari has both scored 20+ runs and taken 2+ wickets in the same T20I. She joins a select group of Sri Lankan women to have achieved this all-round feat in this format.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: I am extracting the functionality of my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard tight" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over the leadership in East Germany shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition forces into the government, but was unable to slow down the increasing momentum of German reunification. "The entire peaceful course of the establishment of German unity was a special achievement of his," the Left Party wrote on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy." During his 16 years as party leader of the communists in Dresden from 1973, Modrow built a reputation as an anti-establishment politician. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
Your case: Source: I'm BACK, baby!
Your case: Source: (PERSON8) I don't remember exactly, but it's like I started with these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I started with was to concatenate the paraphrase and the source, and maybe I, I don't remember now, I can check it by the next meeting, if I also tried, I definitely tried it, if the sources are in the first place, then a separator and the paraphrase in the second place. I might have also tried to shuffle the two things randomly, yes, and I just remember that it did this compensation thing in abundance and tried out multi-encoders.  
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: He and Johnny Depp are great actors. Regarding his portrayal of Churchill  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  Target: He and Johnny Depp are great actors. Regarding his portrayal of Churchill.  
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: Was it Epic, then, who started this? We can continue. Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: A pedestrian has died after a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Friday at around 1.30pm on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath. A 24-year-old man was subsequently arrested in connection with the accident. Police are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our enquiries are ongoing and we would urge anyone who was in the area and witnessed the crash to get in touch." I would also ask anyone who was driving in the area and may have dashcam footage which could assist our investigation to contact us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, 10 February, 2023."
Your case: Source: I'm sorry, what? My friend recommended this line's mask to me, so I bought this, this conditioner, and the all-in-one milk. I can't say anything about the product's effectiveness because the smell was just unbearable. You know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' rooms to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but it just turns out to be this sour, chemical, kind of musty grandma smell? Yeah, that's all I can think of when I smell this. You know, different tastes, different people, so maybe you like the smell. My friend said it can even repair the most damaged hair, so if you don't care about the scent, then no worries. I know that natural products don't smell as nice as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines just don't care anymore, since it's going to sell anyway, and now everything just smells like Play-Doh. I've lost a few of my favorite lines because they've changed the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (which I called Davines and they said it wasn't), but this smells like Y U C K and I had to return it.
Your case: Source: The German text: The news that Special Counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Team Trump use the courts to screw up this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to quash the Pence subpoena on grounds of executive privilege should fail. First, there's the question of whether a former president can even invoke the privilege. Recall that Trump tried and failed to block the House January 6 committee from accessing White House records.  Target: The news that Special Counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Team Trump use the courts to screw up this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to quash the Pence subpoena on grounds of executive privilege should fail. First, there's the question of whether a former president can even invoke the privilege. Recall that Trump tried and failed to block the House January 6 committee from accessing White House records.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Could it be that Google Search is integrated into Google Maps?  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  Target: Could it be that Google Search is integrated into Google Maps?
Your case: Source: The tombs of Djehuty and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and the CSIC, which has been working since 2002. He said that the mission has carried out excavation and restoration work and published research results on the tombs, which are located in the Dra Abu al-Naga area on the West Bank of Luxor. They managed to uncover many tombs, coffins, mummies, and a funerary garden.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Humanity is coming out in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love about working in the games industry. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience of the right players? Will a community form around the game's user-generated content? (I really hope so.) The game's story, the ideas, and the questions it raises feel timely. I hope everything goes well.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Porro had an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Image: Getty)  Target: Your case: Source: Porro had an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Image: Getty)
Your case: Source: Dein Fall: Quelle: Wie würdest du persönliche Bibliotheken teilen?  Target: How would you share personal libraries?
Your case: Source: The book was difficult to follow as it jumped around a lot. Also, the title doesn't fit the story. The author hinted that multiple people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was confused at times and had to go back and reread a lot to make sure I didn't miss anything.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: ## German Translation:  Your case: Source: (PERSON6) For the upcoming meetings, I asked for them as needed because I saw the (Meme) project demo. They do offline subtitling. So it's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their mission in translation is shortening, simply because the data gets shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles that are created for the hearing impaired. So there is a natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could also find this kind of data where natural shortening takes place. We would incorporate it into the architecture.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  Target: Your case: Source: (PERSON6) For the upcoming meetings, I asked for them as needed because I saw the (Meme) project demo. They do offline subtitling. So it's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their mission in translation is shortening, simply because the data gets shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles that are created for the hearing impaired. So there is a natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could also find this kind of data where natural shortening takes place. We would incorporate it into the architecture.  
Your case: Source: Trump's prestigious building at 40 Wall Street is under scrutiny from lenders due to declining revenue: Report
Your case: Source: With a new #FFXIV raid tier on the horizon, I've been thinking for a long time: "Man, I'd love to try real raiding, but the Party Finder sounds like a mess, and I'll never find a static group that will take me."   Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: But after having read almost nothing for ~decades~ (except for functional non-fiction books for work and the occasional self-help book), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books for 2023.  Target: But after having read almost nothing for ~decades~ (except for functional non-fiction books for work and the occasional self-help book), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books for 2023. 
Your case: Source: I tried, I guess, two tokens and yes, like, because in the first version we suspected that the token could also be tokenized itself, so I repeated it with another token that is not just for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain delimiters. So I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and thus would only appear once. I had no guarantee that this token would not appear elsewhere in the sentence and that this was the only place it could appear. So it could be done cleaner, yes, I agree.  Target: I tried two tokens, because in the first version we suspected that the token could also be tokenized itself. So I repeated it with another token that is not just for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain delimiters. So I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and thus would only appear once. I had no guarantee that this token would not appear elsewhere in the sentence and that this was the only place it could appear. So it could be done cleaner, yes, I agree.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: Ripped from Vision Supplies ## Notes:  * I have kept the translation as close to the original German as possible. * I have not provided any explanations or text apart from the translation, as instructed.  
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: This is for the Wikipedia component library (OOUI). It is mainly semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which offer connectedCallback).  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: Nicholas works with farmers to reduce pesticide use while finding ways to address the challenges posed by climate change and pests like the corn borer, which can devastate corn crops. Target: Nicholas works with farmers to reduce pesticide use while finding ways to address the challenges posed by climate change and pests like the corn borer, which can devastate corn crops.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Confusing plot 
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: It has a slimmer design form, which fits better in
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Very nice looking guitar. Too bad that  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: There was already remote work before 2020. There will also be jobs in the foreseeable future that can be done remotely.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: One of the girls said, "You deserved it." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father, Michael Kuch, told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he was angry and wanted everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of dad-ification. Joel uses his skills and abilities to commit (extreme) acts of violence in order to fulfill a task that is coded as "caring". Target: Do not provide any further explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Ihr Fall: Quelle: I often wonder about the human ability to think *so* badly about themselves, while being inundated with so much evidence of what real cruelty looks like.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: We hope Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42. "If they have one, they haven't fully shared it." Target: We hope Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42. "If they have one, they haven't fully shared it."
"You don't often hear that: 'I'm just dropping him off in Glasgow,'" said the ticket seller.  
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Cool concept! Just needs a few more improvements to make it a really great product.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: We are currently using a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we are not observing the entire document. We create a separate temporary parent element, install MO there, and observe how it is detached (i.e., attached elsewhere). Target: None. 
Your case: Source: It turned out that IDirect3D::CreateViewport() was assumed to return an IDirect3DViewport3, which had additional methods appended to the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport, which I implemented. 
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) I could think about that. It's just that I don't really know Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Biologists from Minnesota rescue a trapped black bear.
Your case: Source: As she further explained, the method is part of a strategy that
Your case: Source: Forget me, okay. Ignore me, okay. It hurts, but you have to do your thing.  Target: Vergiss mich
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) Yes, because I think it's a method that's very easy to test, and it should always be tested against the two encoders, and I would expect it to be sometimes better and sometimes worse than the two encoders, depending on the exact task, like what exactly the second thing is that you're encoding. So, maybe if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it might be kind of confusing for the attention, so whatever, I don't know. The behavior might also be different for the old sequence-to-sequence methods, compared to Transformer, so for RNN it might have behaved differently, with Transformer it's, yeah, it's harder to train, so maybe you need to increase the number of warm-ups, the warm-up sets.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: I need to send an email to a random address, with unformatted data, so that the caseworker can read the email and enter it into their system to print a label.  Target: I need to send an email to a random address, with unformatted data, so that the caseworker can read the email and enter it into their system to print a label.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: #FalconGameBooks  Target: Your case: Source: #FalconGameBooks
Your case: Source: I can only say good things about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, wrapping paper and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the different size options make it easier to choose the perfect one for each gift! I highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely sweet and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I was happy with my product. 5 stars all around!
Your case: Source: (PERSON8) No, I haven't edited it yet. So [PERSON1] said we'd do it together once they have the transcript.
Your case: Source: I actually quite like the software and the domain name I got for my instance. But I somehow feel like I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I've never really felt comfortable there. I'll stay here a little longer and think about whether I should even migrate.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: Since this applies here anyway, I had to extend my Viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods in order to fix it, so that the call to the new method was valid. Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: Intersex is even recognized by TERFs and Co. because it is generally more physical and therefore visible. Just like mental health from
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Biden's Justice Department "does not want an armed citizenry"
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON17) Yes, so for the multi-accent English. So, we are now [PERSON14] working on merging this into a technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he creates new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So there will be really multi-speaker sentences, and this could also improve the robustness to the different accents of these speakers. Ah, so this is a particle experiment. And later we might be able to do a bit more in terms of multi-accent. So these new sentences will actually try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible sentence set. And we will create new sentences from the pure text-to-speech model by adding the sound part, so that the language model is better suited for the ASR and the robustness to different speakers is also better. And in a lecture yesterday I heard another idea. It was during training. They left out time bands and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and this also significantly improved the robustness of the system.  Target: Your case: Source: (PERSON17) Yes, so for the multi-accent English. So, we are now [PERSON14] working on merging this into a technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he creates new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So there will be really multi-speaker sentences, and this could also improve the robustness to the different accents of these speakers. Ah, so this is a particle experiment. And later we might be able to do a bit more in terms of multi-accent. So these new sentences will actually try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible sentence set. And we will create new sentences from the pure text-to-speech model by adding the sound part, so that the language model is better suited for the ASR and the robustness to different speakers is also better. And in a lecture yesterday I heard another idea. It was during training. They left out time bands and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained with disturbed inputs, and this also significantly improved the robustness of the system.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (Just for info, I've tried almost every "humane" trap on the market, with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I won't accept any comments on the ethics of killing mice.)  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: (PERSON4) And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, as if the translation were wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong, and the part has to be <unintelligible>, but that was only one or two cases.
Your case: Source: ## English Translation:  Your case: Source: (PERSON11) This is important. Please write this down in the documentation tool, this <unintelligible/> summary, because this is for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you talk to [PERSON10], and possibly also to [PERSON5]. If we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple workers <unintelligible/>. We need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example depending on the <other noise/> And also to this language identification worker, and then we need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool that we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that watches the text outputs and also tracks the timestamps and it would - it would probably output to three separate language channels to use either silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs so that the ASR is silent when it's the wrong language, and it's the recognized text when it's the right language. I just came up with this kind of setup. Another setup would be that the same audio is sent to the ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially part of the ASR that mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which type of language identification integration is best suited for our purposes. So please keep thinking about what our pipelines should look like. Ideally, I think the least confusion would be caused in management and so on if our MT models were multilingual. If they supported different output languages and translated from each of these languages into English. They might just make a copy if English was given as input, so that we would have multilingual ASRs at the beginning. All would go to English, and then from English it would be translated into all languages. And later, when [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, this language identification wouldn't even be needed.
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) Well, one of them was for me yesterday.  Target: (PERSON1) Well, one of them was for me yesterday.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: It's fake news, CBN debunks claim that there is a lack of capacity to print more new Naira notes. Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The piano is a great entry-level instrument! It promotes your child's artistic abilities and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, it actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to be a future pianist, you should try this product! It's worth the money!
Your case: Source: The eight-eyed Repnids seem to watch as you set the flyer down on the red ground, but they make no move towards you, in fact they are motionless as you climb out of the flyer and slowly approach them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then to quake, as if in an earthquake, and you lose your footing, though the Repnids seem unfazed. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. Repnids have tunneled beneath the surface, and you fall into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cavern below. The end is swift, as multiple fang pairs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra fouls your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.
Your case: Source: The more I read about studies on sex, gender, and psychology, the more the statement "My sex is male, my gender is female" seems simplistic and inaccurate to me. It almost feels like giving TERFs part of the argument. I feel that being trans means being "biologically non-binary". My sex is non-binary, my gender is female. Target: None.
Your case: Source: "Antonio Conte has complained about the defense, and this player is currently having problems in defense. He is facing very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing." Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead with Barnes nine minutes from time. Despite the win against Manchester City, Tottenham missed the chance to move above Newcastle in the table and into third place.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Ihr Fall: Quelle: I've been toying with this idea for a while now:  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Do you know a performant way for a web component to react to being added/removed from a document? Target:
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: Okay. Here is the German translation of the English sentence: Your case: Source: (PERSON7) Okay. So, yes, I will check on the 21st, and otherwise I will send them an email.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: I asked the seller before buying if the color was too yellow, and he said it was like antique gold, darker. Nothing like it! The set looks VERY cheap. It's super shiny yellow with lots of CZs, even shinier. It looks great in the photo, but in real life I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.
Doch unvorstellbare Angst, Terror und Vertreibung haben ihnen die unsichtbare Narbe des Traumas hinterlassen.  Yet unimaginable fear, terror and displacement have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.  
Your case: Source: The battery life of the device I bought on Amazon is terrible. I still can't believe Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else comes close in comparison. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. The dog chewed up the first one, the husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works, but there's an elbow track in the middle of the touchscreen, also courtesy of the husband... I bought this one as a replacement, and the screen is great, but the battery it came with maybe holds a charge for a couple of days. My original (the third one) holds a charge for weeks, and I use my remote for everything.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Musical Start  Target: Your case: Source: Musical Start
Your case: Source: Ihr  Target: Your
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: These headlines and articles typically refer to a CEO of a large company. This is all clickbait, but it worries me in terms of the executives and managers who read these articles.  Target: Your case: Source: These headlines and articles typically refer to a CEO of a large company. This is all clickbait, but it worries me in terms of the executives and managers who read these articles.
Your case: Source: He also argues that the NDP and the
Okay, here is the English translation for the German sentence:  **Source:** Verstehe, ja, das sind die beiden Ergebnisse, richtig?  **Target:** Got it, yes, those are the two results, right?
Your case: Source: Africans, with 28,020 residents in Oslo, were the third largest immigrant group in Oslo. Europeans from countries outside the United Kingdom, the EU or the EEA were the fourth largest group, accounting for 15,566 inhabitants of Oslo. From here on, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022 there were almost 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while just over 3,000 nationals came from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
Your case: Source: I bought these in February. Recently I tried to use them and unfortunately every time I try one of them I get an error message from my Keurig machine that the capsule is not compatible with my machine. I have been using Donut Shop capsules in my machine since I first bought it and have never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee capsule, I noticed that the code printed on the top of the capsule is not very legible, so I can only assume that I have a bad box. I bought a box of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12. I have even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and still get the same error message. I know it's not my machine because other capsules I try work fine. Only from this delivery do I have this problem. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke to a customer service representative who refunded me. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer service!   Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Please translate the English sentence into German: Your case: Source: This week's prompt for revelations is: Stay up all night  Target: Bitte übersetzen Sie den englischen Satz ins Deutsche: Ihr Fall: Quelle: Die Aufforderung dieser Woche zu Offenbarungen lautet: Bleiben Sie die ganze Nacht wach
Your case: Source: Everything I needed
Your case: Source: Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her Bayville home on February 3, two days after the disturbing video of
Your case: Source: I'm giving it 3 stars for now, I don't want to leave the seller a bad review unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats very badly. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello itself, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some bigger, older drones, and some of my bigger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had with overheating problems, and it actually takes the fun out of flying it. I'm going to assume for now that it's a manufacturing defect that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I will give the seller credit for the delivery, as it arrived 1 day after purchase. I will update my feedback after I have contacted the seller and DJI Tello.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Later in life, Modrow was a member of the Left Party's Council of Elders. "Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left parliamentary group in the Bundestag. "Until his old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Your case: Source: (PERSON10) Yes, I think - didn't Dominik do some experiments with Ivana? I think it was last year or the year before for Double Empty, where they included the context or concatenated the context with the input sentence and did some kind of document translation. But the thing is, with this concatenation, it's not entirely clear whether it has the same effect as in a multi-encoder setting.
## Your case:  **Source:** "Great attention is paid to the development of sports infrastructure. A clear proof of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats," the Kazakh president wrote. Kazakh athletes successfully compete at major world competitions and represent Kazakhstan. They are a role model for the younger generation and inspire young people to great victories, Tokayev said. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give new impetus to the development of athletics in the country, and called for increased cooperation with international organizations in this area.  **Target:**  **No further explanations or text apart from the translation.** 
Your case: Source: Dein Fall: Quelle: So I finally watched #Heartstopper  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Ihr Fall: Quelle: No matter how much we may like some people, if they  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Ihr Fall: Quelle: Sie hatten über 6 Jahre lang Schlüssel zu meiner Wohnung.  Target: You had the keys to my apartment for over 6 years.
## English Translation:  **Your case:**  **Source:** The Indian government has withdrawn its appeal for cow cuddling on Valentine's Day after criticism.  **Target:** No further explanations or text provided. 
Your case: Source: E  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Sure, they cut corporate taxes. But they also cut subsidies and tax credits that encourage more business activity.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
## Translation:  Your case: Source: ## Translation:  Your case: Source: (PERSON2) My idea is that a customer clicks on this microphone button and starts speaking. While the user is speaking, send the audio in small blocks simultaneously. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And to the HTTP server, which puts it in a queue that I will process later with (ASR). And the model will perform logic, inference with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will be sent back, and the user should get the partial transcript back. And it should be displayed immediately in the text box.    Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
## English Translation:  **Source:** (PERSON7) Yes, yes, that is very important to parallelize everything, both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell-DF, because he would have to run it many times, there will be errors, you have to quickly rerun it.  
## English Translation:  **Your case:**  **Source:** Your request: Source: (PERSON4) Yep thanks.  **Target:** Please do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  
Your case: Source: Your dog hasn't destroyed it yet.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts with the most foreigners  Target: IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts with the most foreigners
Your case: Source: Echidna with amethyst and magenta spines. They are of average height, have an average build, and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is raspberry-colored, short, and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped and they wear scarlet cateye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.
Your case: Source: Playing around with Flutter a bit. I would hate to base my business on Google technology, to be honest, on the other hand Google is one of the few big players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows.
Your case: Source: Abe hides his worries and laughs easily, while Tom is not afraid to cry, but is less amused by rude humor. Jan will hurt you before letting you see that she is hurt, and laughs the most when things are turned upside down. Mio knows that grief is life's constant companion.
Your case: Source: I was disappointed when I received this item, as the silver part that goes around the face seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't the fact that it was plastic that disappointed me, but the fact that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the whole look for me. I also didn't trust it to withstand daily use, so I sent it back. I was disappointed because it seemed like it would have been a good deal if it hadn't been for that. However, if you can overlook that, then it might be the right thing for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
Your case: Source: Ich bin es leid, dass sich konservative Parteien und
Your case: Source: Tim Sherwood criticizes the 44 million new signing Pedro Porro after his disappointing Tottenham debut.
Your case: Source: You land the flyer nose-first on the side of the slag heap and climb out. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they make no move towards you, in fact they are motionless as you slowly approach them. You stop while still on the mound of crumbled rock and earth and speak to them: "I come in peace, as a friend." It seems they cannot hear you, let alone understand, as your universal translator picks up no response. You decide to use your psychic awareness to make mental contact with them. It is difficult to understand their thoughts; they are shockingly alien and your mind recoils from the contact. You decide it would be dangerous to make further contact and return to your flyer. However, the experience has cleared your mind, which has been clouded since your jump into the future. Back in Falcon's Wing, you find it quite easy to calculate a course to Earth in the year 3034 AD. Note that you have used up another polybden rod in the jump.
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) I mean, for the text flow we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would be suitable for it.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: A recently graduated artist took criticism poorly this evening.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: ## Translation: Your case: Source: I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable seedlings get from the window. I love many of the features of these lamps. Pros: First, they are easy to attach to my shelf and bend into many positions, so I can make changes as my plants grow. The lamps are cool to the touch and have not caused any damage even when touching the plants. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lamps. The lamps are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer because I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature being useful in an office with houseplants or on vacation. Cons: I don't think these lamps are strong enough to be the main light source for plants in a greenhouse. The lamps are small! If the lamps burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: I want these companies that mediate transactions to explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about it on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will. Target: Do not provide any further explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Plans to sow salad in Penn on a 6-row pattern and see how it compares to beds sown broadcast.  Goal: Do not provide any further explanations or text other than the translation.  Target: Plans to sow salad in Penn on a 6-row pattern and see how it compares to beds sown broadcast.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: I have literally tried and dropped EVERY SINGLE ONE. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my transcripts.  Target: Your case: Source: Your case: Source: I have literally tried and dropped EVERY SINGLE ONE. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my transcripts.
## English Translation:  **PERSON1:** Yes, I think he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we want a one, we can get a one. We just have to submit it by the second deadline. That's pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that a lot of people haven't done that in the past because they found it easier to study for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the test.  
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The hacked version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function outside of a vtable.  Target: The hacked version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function outside of a vtable. 
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: In the early morning hours, satellite images and ground-based observations showed an expanding area of low stratus clouds and scattered <URL>  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov thanked the President of the Asian Athletics Association Dahlan al-Hamad for his support in the preparation and conduct of the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time on the territory of the CIS. The tournament is attended by over 500 athletes from 31 countries, who compete in the disciplines of running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put and multi-event. The tournament lasts until February 12. Earlier it was reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won gold in the women's 3,000m and Olga Safronova won silver in the women's 60m at the tournament.
Your case: Source: Dein Fall: Quelle: Nicht wie andere Tomb Raider-Spiele  Target: Not like other Tomb Raider games
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Remote work is an enrichment. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces rather than stuffy, noisy offices. It allows accessibility for everyone who has an internet connection and a good workplace. It allows people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and their families.
Your case: Source: Das habe ich auch noch nie gesagt.  Target: I've never said that before either.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON4) It's just the dilemma score for the (European?), which isn't in the table because the table doesn't fit on the paper, so <unintelligible/> The coverage is always around 97 percent. It simply generates the correct lemmas, simply-
Your case: Source: I was fortunate enough to spend six unforgettable months with Nicholas in 2011, supporting a range of projects. When we met at the weekend, I was thrilled to hear about the progress, particularly with tree planting and farmer support. Thousands of trees have been planted, and farmers have been able to achieve higher yields through a range of measures, from support with equipment purchases to training.
Your case: Source: That's a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is elegant and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even though it was squeezed in plastic and a box, it was very smooth, that's really cool. It can be easily worn casual or elegant and has a kind of vintage feeling due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think it could flatter anyone. I am 1.65 m tall and weigh 59 kg and ordered size S. So I would say if you are between S and M, you should definitely go down a size.
Your case: Source: President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in Brandywell season opener
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON6) Yes, I may have just been thinking about what kind of data we are currently using for this, because if you look at the models from [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already pretty good at these things -  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  Target: Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON6) Yes, I may have just been thinking about what kind of data we are currently using for this, because if you look at the models from [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], for example, they are already pretty good at these things.  
Your case: Source: A 16-year-old boy has been charged with murder in connection with the fatal shooting of two students at a Chicago high school in December, police said Friday. The suspect is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Superintendent David Brown announced. "We currently have no clear motive for why a 16-year-old would want to shoot and kill other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released Friday due to his age, although Brown said he would be charged as an adult with the murder and attempted murder charges.
Your case: Source: Statistics Norway figures showed that foreigners were scattered across the city districts, as Søndre Nordstrand, the southernmost district in Oslo, had over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogner was the district with the fifth most foreigners. After that, Stovner
Your case: Source: Ihr Fall: Quelle: Wie beschrieben  Target: Your case: Source: Your case: Source: As described
Your case: Source: Your gut feeling about the missing woman is not flowing.
Your case: Source: (PERSON11) But for some folders, the audio format is wrong for some reason, so something is wrong - basically the big trade or something is wrong. So some files still have - still have a strange output. But - but for most folders, it should be fine already.
You get what you pay for.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: ## German Translation:  Your case: Source: It may have too many linguistic subtleties. Needs to be translated into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, neither of which I speak at all.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.    Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: And this, although I haven't slept as well here in the last two nights as I do at home and am a little #MECFS-like exhausted, simply because I'm in a strange environment where I can't assess myself as well and have to remember where things are.  Target: Your case: Source: Your case: Source: And this, although I haven't slept as well here in the last two nights as I do at home and am a little #MECFS-like exhausted, simply because I'm in a strange environment where I can't assess myself as well and have to remember where things are.
Your case: Source: The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview published late Friday that it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of the eastern Ukrainian industrial center of Donbas. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture more territory east of the Dnieper River.
## Translation:  Your case: Source: ## Translation:  Your case: Source: (PERSON6) And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them, because they have a huge set of videos with different domains and different native languages of the speakers on [ORGANIZATION5], so to speak. And I had the idea that we could just use a tool to basically download some kind of filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and make a training set out of it.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: Ihr Fall: Quelle: Ich bin jetzt bei Buch Nr. 31 und es ist erst Mai.  Ziel: Geben Sie keine Erklärungen oder Texte außer der Übersetzung an.  Target: I am currently on book number 31 and it is only May.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Thanks to everyone who downloaded the latest update for Leasey. There have been a few very minor issues. Nothing to set off alarm bells, but they will be fixed nonetheless. A small update will be released next week to address them. The majority of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and everyone who needs this support should have received it by now. Have a great day!  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: Well, I understand that in practice IDirectXObject2 is typically a proper superset of IDirectXObject, with no changed function signatures and only new methods added at the end. However, this is not universally true; in these cases, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.   Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Photos: After restorations, Egypt inaugurates the tombs of Djehuty and Hery
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM - Kazakh rescuers continue to dig through the rubble in search of survivors in Turkey, Kazinform reports, citing the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergency Situations. The rescuers' work is hampered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team has recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including a child, in Turkey. Emergency medical care is also being provided around the clock. In the early hours of Monday morning, a 7.7 magnitude earthquake struck, devastating parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria. To date, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has surpassed the 20,000 mark.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: In our daily lives, we are constantly looking for ways to boost our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our jobs. This can be extremely difficult for people in the healthcare field, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burnout in your profession?" Their careers range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers, and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep the ball rolling. Despite the wide range of their roles, there were several themes in their responses that stood out as ways to avoid burnout.   Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall as the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives to retake large swathes of territory in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could last, stating that the so-called "special military operation" will continue until its goals are achieved. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which form the Donbas region, where pro-Moscow separatists have been fighting Ukrainian troops since 2014.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  
Your case: Source: I had bleached my entire head a few months ago and then dyed it over with a black tint. Then I had highlights done all over my head. A few weeks later I put blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye on my hair and it wouldn't fade. I used this stuff with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened SIGNIFICANTLY, removing the green and blue parts and lifting the dark tint. However, after a day I noticed a green tinge in my hair. It's getting worse every day and I've used the color remover twice now, with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the tint was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: A person was arrested at a protest outside the Tate Britain, where a drag queen storytelling event for children was taking place.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Backpack is great, but too many straps  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The last communist leader of East Germany dies at the age of 95.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. So I asked you to create different versions of this dictionary by taking only the words that were observed five times. And only the pronunciations that were observed three times or more, or something like that. That way, these random errors, like the example with this four IBM instead of IBM, will not be so frequent. But still, you will have the variations in pronunciation, because if the person, let's say, this "alzo", if you remember, if he says this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the speech, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if he sometimes manages to say it correctly, then yes, you will see that again in the data. So, I would like [PERSON4] to get in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you can stay in touch, right? I have to go now because I have to take the kids to lunch and so on. But please stay in this conversation and figure out together how to use this dictionary. So [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] what the dictionary is that the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please take a look at it and help with the conversion of the dictionary that you have outputted to this file. One thing that is still needed is the replacement of the language model. But all these words should be familiar words. So [PERSON4], you need to find out which words are in the language model. And the words that are in the language model should simply be copied. So the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is outputted. One recognized. The phonemes, as [PERSON2] suggested. And there will be several rows with different phoneme variations. And the third column will also be the same for all of them, and again there will be the same grapheme form. That is, when the language model sees it. And I think that these systems should be able to load it this way. And you may encounter another problem: that it is not ready for two large custom dictionaries. So that is also something that needs to be tested, but please test it, both of you together. So [PERSON2] knows what he has created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to put these two pieces of knowledge together. Ah, so that it works with the, with the generated dictionary.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Every artist has been there before, made the same mistakes. Good criticism is there to fix the problem quickly, and does not target your abilities. It assumes that you have the ability to fix the problem or find a solution.
Your case: Source: (PERSON2) <unintelligible/> that you like can improve your pleasantness rating by simply appending phrase-based output and the attention is like double diagonal, so attention is not a problem, so I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: ...And so I had to create a battle group plan.  Target: ...And so I had to create a battle group plan. 
Your case: Source: Your  Target: Your case:
## Translation:  Your case: Source: ## Translation: Your case: Source: 3 1/2 stars Remedy is a best friend's brother romance and a second chance romance all in one. It's a unique story, and the hero (Grady) has to do everything he can to win Collins back and
Your case: Source: Dein Fall: Quelle: Aber habe ich es geliebt? Absolut!  Ziel: Keine Erklärungen oder Texte ausser der Übersetzung angeben.  Target: But did I love it? Absolutely!
Your case: Source: Derry City won the President's Cup with a 2-0 victory over Shamrock Rovers. The FAI Cup winners defeated last year's league champions at the Brandywell thanks to first-half goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy. The Hoops pushed for an equaliser in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' charges held firm to win the opening game. Derry travel to St Patrick's Athletic for their league opener next Friday. Patching's volley gave Derry the lead after 23 minutes - the midfielder opened the scoring as the Foylesiders won 2-1 against the eventual champions last February.
Your case: Source: There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and an advisor to Jeremy Corbyn-supporting Warrington North MP Charlotte Nichols, was not on the longlist to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite having received nominations from four major trade unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with the candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have rigorous processes for who can go on the longlist and who can go on the shortlist."  Target: There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and an advisor to Jeremy Corbyn-supporting Warrington North MP Charlotte Nichols, was not on the longlist to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite having received nominations from four major trade unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with the candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have rigorous processes for who can go on the longlist and who can go on the shortlist."
Your case: Source: Ihr Fall: Quelle: In den letzten Jahren haben einige hinduistische Hardliner Geschäfte  Target: In recent years, some Hindu hardliners have been running businesses
Your
Your case: Source: Ihr  Target: Your
Your case: Source: Jack Smith should win any privilege fight over the subpoena of Mike Pence
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: It just appeared one day and suddenly it was everywhere. I have entered the Burrata dimension.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Why do people jump through extra hoops to install Google Maps?
Your case: Source: In July 2022, California officials charged Kilcher with two felony counts related to workers' compensation fraud, accusing her of illegally collecting more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The timeframe also includes several months when Kilcher was working on "Yellowstone," despite the actress claiming she was too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was arraigned in May.
Your case: Source: I guess I'll have to see if Bing or Google is better.  Target: I guess I'll have to see if Bing or Google is better.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON1) With style transfer, Dusan, do you mean that there is something that is in written language, and you would be the target page, would be in spoken language or something like that?  Target: Your case: Source: (PERSON1) With style transfer, Dusan, do you mean that there is something that is in written language, and you would be the target page, would be in spoken language or something like that?
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I have outlined are worth discussing, with some progress in each: Target: I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I have outlined are worth discussing, with some progress in each. 
Your case: Source: It's ThinkPad Day!! Came home during my lunch break and saw this sitting outside uwu. I wish I could take it to work to set up more. But that will have to wait until tonight.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Avoid Wifi connection - go Bluetooth! I bought this for my wife in October 2017. At that time, we were in the middle of moving and staying in a hotel. I could not connect this scale to the Wifi in the hotel. I decided to wait until we moved into our house and I could set up my own Wifi system. March 2018 - I set up my Wifi system and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm 10 feet away from the Wifi unit. I followed the YouTube setup video, to no avail. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the Wifi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a cell phone! I would not recommend this scale to anyone because of the Wifi connection. Please look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication instead. I am replacing this with a scale that has a Bluetooth connection.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON1) and then we find out which packages should be installed in the Petri environment.  Target: Your case: Source: (PERSON1) and then we find out which packages should be installed in the Petri environment. 
Your case: Source: Wazir explained that these two tombs belonged to important figures who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important eras of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs was T-shaped, a style commonly used in tombs of the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with clear inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was the overseer of the treasury during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists.
Your case: Source: I was an insatiable reader in my youth. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great storytelling.  Target: I was an insatiable reader in my youth. Then life crushed my soul and I lost all my passion for fiction and great storytelling.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Casper the #rat is an absolute unit these days. I think my new job has been good for him - two outings a day during work, at fairly predictable times.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Please also refrain from telling me that Google/Flutter apps are bad on iOS and macOS. Cross-platform is difficult if you want to do it well. I know that. Target: Do not provide any further explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: O'Mara's circumstances were "quite extraordinary", said Reeves, but admitted: "There are important lessons for the Labour Party and all political parties in the selection of candidates. But I would also say that we have seen in this Parliament the constant undermining of standards in politics, not least by a series of Prime Ministers and fines and parties and standards that fall far short of what one might expect." She added: "One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do something wrong, they lose the whip. And that's simply not the case with the Conservative Party."
Your case: Source: ## English Translation:  Your case: Source: (PERSON6) So this is an important thing that we should have come across months ago. Remember, I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And every time you all... It's not just you personally, [PERSON8]. There were other things, of course. But every time you thought about it, you thought, "This will be easy, we'll just run it". And only when you actually do it, do you see all the problems. So this is known, usual. That's how it always is. So this is a message for everyone. Before you try it, you never know what the problem will be. Like the call I had, where someone interviewed me, so they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked so badly for me as it did today during the recording. So before you do it, you can't tell if it will work or not. And here we come across the problems with converting the file formats. Hopefully we can get the numbers quickly. So do you already have word error rates?
Your case: Source: I learned the hard way that local TV station websites are the absolute worst experience on the internet in 2023. Popups, autoplaying videos, animations, popovers, and ads, ads, ads. I know they make their money from ads, but all the crap seems counterproductive when it drives people away. This is even true now that goatse.cx is gone, although it would be a close race for last place between goatse and, say, khou.com, where I was trying to watch a video Wendy sent me.
Your case: Source: I think this is actually an interesting question of whether we can use the constraints to enforce this kind of speaker gender in translation.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Jami slipped him the note as they crossed paths, just before the dog watch. She was on her way to the wall, he was coming off duty. He watched her go to see how she walked and to make sure they hadn't been seen. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the sleeping quarters before he pulled out the note and read it in a shaft of light that pierced the blackout curtains. One word in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to stay calm:
Your case: Source: 1 of the fans already sounded rough when unpacking. The speed controllers are really wobbly - if you turn them to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to turn them to 100% and then slowly turn them back down until they start again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be common for most products of this type in this price range. The feet that hold the laptop in an inclined position have broken off a few times... They can be put back in, but it happens often enough to be annoying. On the positive side, the fans are ideally placed for laptops that draw in air through vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans in the middle and offer very little additional airflow to a laptop with such a cooling configuration.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: ## German Translation:  Your case: Source: (PERSON2) Yes, if it has a short context and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, then it really settles on something that it finds out in one or two seconds, for example, oh, well, that was actually a bad translation. So it tries to use a different wording. For example, to clarify the matter. So, actually I liked it very much. I like some of the translations. I was really amazed, although you could see that the model made mistakes on its first attempt, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I think is also important. If you really demand low latency, then I think a slightly lower quality is also okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have bad translation quality and bad fluency, then the translation is simply pointless in my opinion. But if the lower quality is due to the fact that the translation, when you read everything, gets the same information, but the wording is simply bad, because it has used more words, for example, and has made some corrections and so on. So, I think that's perfectly fine for simultaneous translation, as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, for example? Because I would like to see it, just out of curiosity.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.  Target: Your case: Source: (PERSON2) Yes, if it has a short context and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, then it really settles on something that it finds out in one or two seconds, for example, oh, well, that was actually a bad translation. So it tries to use a different wording. For example, to clarify the matter. So, actually I liked it very much. I like some of the translations. I was really amazed, although you could see that the model made mistakes on its first attempt, it really wanted to make some kind of correction. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I think is also important. If you really demand low latency, then I think a slightly lower quality is also okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have bad translation quality and bad fluency, then the translation is simply pointless in my opinion. But if the lower quality is due to the fact that the translation, when you read everything, gets the same information, but the wording is simply bad, because it has used more words, for example, and has made some corrections and so on. So, I think that's perfectly fine for simultaneous translation, as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, for example? Because I would like to see it, just out of curiosity.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering the best Salesforce services tailored to your business needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can help you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support, enabling your business to thrive in the Salesforce ecosystem.
Your case: Source: Okay, here is the English translation of the German sentence:  Your case: Source: It's weird to do weightlifting but not really have any idea what your one-rep max is, because that's one of the main ways people track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom, without a spotter or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with some weights. I do bench presses on my
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Curious, I kept an open mind to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps compare on my iPhone test device (my daily driver is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).  Target: Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Curious, I kept an open mind to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps compare on my iPhone test device (my daily driver is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The UPS Store near me does not allow me to write a label or write on the box. They need to print the label.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON1) Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.  Target: Your case: Source: Your case: Source: (PERSON1) Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.
Your case: Source: The incident occurred after a rise in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to the UK in boats. Police have arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration turned violent outside a hotel housing asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool. Merseyside Police said one officer and two civilians were slightly injured in the disturbances on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police said some protesters threw objects and set fire to a police van. The arrested people, aged between 13 and 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder". Merseyside Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous, and there were a couple of injuries to police officers."