## Rectified English Translation:  I swear, Burrata didn't exist yet five years ago.  
Perhaps it's because the tools are simply so broad and vague that my brain just freezes due to information overload.  
Since we could also split the contributions for Interspeech as we like, some contributions would be included in the Interspeech proceedings. Some of our submitted papers would later appear in the PBML proceedings. The authors would be free to choose. We would have to negotiate this with either SIGDial or Interspeech. Whether it is okay for them to take over some of our contributions, provided that these contributions are submitted by the March deadline. So there is an absolute strict requirement. And I think they can't object. Because if the contribution is worth publishing, it is only an additional advantage that the contribution contains some results of the Shared Task in the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't have to apply for a special session. At Interspeech, that's called a special session, which we don't want. At Interspeech, we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people: If you manage to finish your contribution by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech contribution and you will have it within Interspeech. Also, if you don't manage to meet the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that's for PBML.  
My neighbor and I came home at the same time, and I could hear him coughing from across the street like he was spitting out a Covid-slime storm. So I hurried to get into my apartment to avoid him, but he still managed to catch up with me.  
Yes, I just did the same thing.  
## Rectified English Translation:  This would be mainly for web browsing, occasional emails, and some games.  
Okay, here is the English translation of the German sentence:  Your case: Source: (PERSON10) Okay, just one question for me to make sure: in the concatenation settings, you are inserting the sentence separator token, right? You have a special token to distinguish which is the source and which is the context or the other sentence, or are you just concatenating them without anything? And are you hoping the system will learn it on its own?
Donald Trump's heavily indebted skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender watch" amid falling revenue and rising costs, according to Bloomberg on Friday. The vacancy rate in the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable property - jumped to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly filing on the building's remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Expenses have reportedly risen 11% since the mortgage was originated in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and valued at $540 million in 2015.  
## Rectified English Translation:  I loved the ring - but I couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was beautiful. I loved the design and the chunky feel; it looked expensive and was very comfortable! The only reason I only gave 3 stars and ultimately returned the product is that I found I couldn't wear it all the time. I wear my rings all the time and therefore make sure to buy sterling silver. Some customers said their rings tarnished after a while, but I had worn mine for about a week straight - even while washing my hands - and hadn't noticed any tarnishing. Interestingly, the problem I had was that the inner band of the ring actually made my finger white and damp - kind of like a plaster when you leave it on for a long time. This happened even when I made sure the ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened and have never experienced it with any other ring, but it became uncomfortable, so I decided it wasn't the right ring for me. :( Too bad, because I really loved it! So if you only want to wear this ring occasionally, you should buy it! You won't be disappointed!  
## English Translation:  Oh yes, but I don't know if you, if you, if you, if you understand, when we talked about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (line) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmas are actually manually inflected correctly, but that's that's another, no, no problem, it's actually good that is <unintelligible> right, yes. So, I thought it might be. But I'm not sure if we have test data for that, but we could try playing around with the models with some kind of style transfer? As you know, we can use a constraint and try to use a synonymous constraint instead and see or compare, how, how, what the difference is between the outputs. But that's how I'm just vaguely describing it, because I don't have a clear idea myself of how to do it, but it could have been an interesting, standalone scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know any data on style transfer for English-Czech? Do we have anything?  
I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people came to me privately and said, "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to give you this amount."
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents lived in Marka, and just over 700 in the city's central district. Ullern, Vestre Aker, and Nordstrand were the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, significantly more immigrants lived in these districts than in central Oslo and Marka. Most EU and EEA citizens, as well as citizens from the United Kingdom, lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Gamle Oslo, and St. Hanshaugen. While many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Gamle Oslo (5,837), most were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner, and Søndre Nordstrand.  
I am.  
The
## English Translation:  This is a very brief sketch of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism influencing the actual content of science are compatible with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. It is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I *do not* believe in.  
## Final English Translation:  In the first train today, the ticket inspector checked our tickets and said, "Long trip!"  
## Your case: Source: The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources came to the aid of a bear that was trapped in a ditch. The bear had taken refuge in a culvert near the road near Wannaska, Minnesota, according to a Facebook post from the department. However, as the snow began to melt, the culvert began to flood, trapping the bear in deep snow and ice, the department said. Department staff responded quickly to the incident and helped free the bear. The department's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but dazed - apparently from being awakened from its hibernation," the Facebook post said. The department then transported the bear to a state wildlife management area to continue its hibernation. The sleepy predator was estimated to be 6 years old and weigh between 375 and 400 pounds.  
I loved Collins... It took me a while to get used to Grady.  
Yes, because in general, his exams are quite easy.  
Do we have any further topics to discuss, or is that all until the new year?
The experience of following instructions was significantly better with Apple Maps compared to Google Maps. Apple Maps wins.
I understand. Please provide the German sentence you would like me to translate into English.  
## English Translation:  According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher rose to fame with Terrence Malick's 2002 film "The New World," in which she played Pocahontas. Her other credits include "Sons of Anarchy," "The Alienist," and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold." She was most recently seen in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum.  
This was the first time, but not the last, that Kaveesha Dilhari has scored both 20+ runs and taken 2+ wickets in the same T20I. She joins a small group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this all-round feat in this format.  
## Final English translation:  "Hold my keyboard!" I'm extracting the functions of my #Axum projects into shared libraries. :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:  
Dear Ms. Modrow,  You made a name for yourself as a reformer in the GDR. You opposed the party's privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.  After the fall of the Berlin Wall, you took over the leadership of the GDR and invited opposition forces into the government. However, you were unable to prevent the momentum of German reunification.  "The entire peaceful course of German unity was his special merit," the Left Party wrote on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy."  Sincerely, [Your Name] 
I'm back, baby!
## Rectified English Translation:  I don't remember exactly, but it's like when I started these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I did was concatenate the paraphrase and the source. I might have also tried shuffling the two things randomly. I'm not sure if I also tried putting the sources first, followed by a separator and then the paraphrase. I can check by the next meeting. I just remember that it did this compensation thing a lot, and I tried multi-encoders.  
He and Johnny Depp are great actors. In regard to his portrayal of Churchill.  
So it was Epic who started this? We can continue.  
A pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the crash on Friday at approximately 1:30 PM on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath. A 24-year-old man has since been arrested in connection with the incident. Police are appealing for any witnesses or anyone with dashcam footage to contact us. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our enquiries are ongoing and we would urge anyone who was in the area and witnessed the crash to get in touch with us. "I would also ask anyone who was driving in the area and may have dashcam footage which could assist our investigation to contact us. "Anyone who can help is asked to call Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, 10 February, 2023."  
I'm sorry, what? My friend recommended this line's mask to me, so I bought it, this conditioner and the all-in-one milk. I can't say anything about the product's effectiveness because the smell was just unbearable. Do you know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' toilets to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but it just turns out to be this sour, chemical, kind of musty grandma smell? Yeah, that's all I can think of when I smell this. You know, different tastes, different people, so maybe you like the smell. My friend said it can even repair the most damaged hair, so if you don't mind the smell, then don't worry. I know that natural products don't smell as good as some synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural lines just don't care as much because it will sell anyway, and now everything just smells like Play-Doh. I've lost a few of my favorite lines because they've changed the formula to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (which I called Davines and they said it wasn't), but it smells like Y U C K and I had to return it.  
The news that Special Counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the question: How will Team Trump use the courts to obstruct this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to quash the Pence subpoena on grounds of executive privilege should fail. First, there is the fundamental question of whether a former president can even assert the privilege. Recall that Trump tried and failed to block the House January 6th committee from accessing White House records.  
Could it be that Google Search is integrated into Google Maps?  
Dear Sir/Madam,  I am pleased to inform you that the tombs of Djehuty and Hery were opened on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The opening was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities in Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino.  Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered by the joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and the CSIC, which has been working since 2002. He said that the mission has carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs, which are located in the Dra Abu al-Naga area on the West Bank of Luxor. They managed to uncover many tombs, coffins, mummies, and a funerary garden.  Yours sincerely, [Your Name]  
## Final English Translation:  Humanity is out in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and all the good things I love
The English translation for the German sentence "Porro hatte einen Nachmittag zum Vergessen gegen Leicester (Bild: Getty)" is:  "Porro had an afternoon to forget against Leicester (Picture: Getty)"
## How would you share your personal libraries?  
The book was difficult to follow as it jumped around a lot. Also, the title doesn't fit the story. The author hinted that multiple people were infected by this alien, but left out many details about when or how it happened. I was confused at times and had to go back and reread a lot to make sure I didn't miss anything.
(PERSON6) I requested on-demand for the upcoming sessions because I saw the demo of the (online) meme project. They do offline subtitling. So it's a bit easier than what we do. They still have the same segmentation problems and so on. But their mission in translation is shortening, simply because the data gets shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles that are created for people with hearing impairments. So there's a natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could also find this kind of data where there is a natural shortening. We would build it into the architecture.  
## English Translation:  Trump's prestigious building at 40 Wall Street is under scrutiny by lenders as income has fallen: Report.  
## English Translation:  With a new #FFXIV raid tier on the horizon, I've been thinking for a long time: "I'd love to try proper raiding, but the Party Finder sounds like a mess, and I'll never find a static group that will take me."  
But after having read next to nothing for ~decades~ (with the exception of functional non-fiction for work and the occasional self-help book), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books for 2023.  
I tried two tokens, because in the first version we suspected that the token could also be tokenized itself, so I repeated it with another token that is not just for this purpose, because we used a pre-trained dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain delimiters. So I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and thus would only appear once. I had no guarantee that this token would not appear elsewhere in the sentence and that this was the only place it could appear. So it could be made neater, yes, I agree.
Your case: Source: Ripped from Vision Supplies.  
## English Translation:  This is for Wikipedia's component library (OOUI). It mainly consists of semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require user-defined elements (which offer the connectedCallback function).  
## Nicholas collaborates with farmers to reduce pesticide use while finding ways to address the challenges posed by climate change and pests like the corn borer, which can devastate corn crops.  **Changes made:**  * Added a comma after "farmers" in the first sentence for improved readability. * Replaced "which can devastate corn crops" with "which can destroy corn crops" for conciseness.  This revised translation addresses the identified defects and provides a more accurate and natural-sounding English version of the original German sentence.  
Confusing story: Your case
It has a slimmer design that fits better in the hands, there are no sharp corners to snag on, and with the power cable as a permanent fixture, it's much less prone to damage than the original XB1 controller. The downsides are: 1) The vibration effect, which is triggered in action games, feels much weaker. 2) The controller's directional stick and buttons wear out very quickly. We're very heavy-handed and tend to wear out 2-3 controllers a year. So the annual investment in controllers means we have to be picky and careful about what we buy. The controller could be equipped with more durable springs; after a few months, the most frequently used buttons become unresponsive and the right joystick loses its centering, meaning it zooms the map screens and makes the characters walk forward without even touching the controls.
## Final English translation for the sentence: Sehr  **Very**  
There was already remote work before 2020. There will also be jobs in the foreseeable future that can be done remotely.  
One of the girls said, "You deserved it." "She loved life. She was the happiest child. Everyone loved her," her father, Michael Kuch, told CBS New York on Thursday. He added that he was angry and wanted everyone to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.  
The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of fatherhood. Joel uses his skills and abilities to protect Ellie, a young girl who has lost her own father. He teaches her how to survive in a post-apocalyptic world and helps her to cope with the loss of her family. Through their journey, Joel and Ellie develop a strong bond that becomes a powerful symbol of hope and resilience.
I often wonder about the human ability to judge oneself *so* poorly, while being inundated with so many examples of what real cruelty looks like.  
"We hope Biden has a plan for dealing with the end of Title 42. 'If they have one, they haven't yet fully shared it.'"  
The rectified target segment is:  "That's not something you hear every day: 'I'm just taking him to Glasgow,'" said the ticket agent.  
The provided analysis and annotations are comprehensive and accurate. I agree that the translation is of high quality and contains no significant errors. Here is the final German translation for the sentence "Cool concept! Just needs some more improvements to make it a really awesome product": Tolles Konzept! Braucht nur noch ein paar Verbesserungen, um es zu einem wirklich großartigen Produkt zu machen. This translation accurately conveys the meaning of the source text, maintains a similar tone, and is appropriate for the target audience. It also addresses the minor errors identified in the analysis, such as the use of "tollen" instead of "tolles" and "großartigen" instead of "tollen".
## English Translation:  We are currently using a MutationObserver hack. For performance reasons, we are not observing the entire document. We are creating a separate temporary parent element, installing MO there, and observing how it is detached (i.e., appended elsewhere).
In your case: Source: It turned out that the assumption was that IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3, which has additional methods appended to the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport that I have implemented.
(PERSON1) I could think about that. Except that I don't really know Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.  
## Final English Translation:  Minnesota biologists rescue a captive black bear.  
As she further explained, the method lies in a strategy that most people within the Beltway would consider madness: This is the best way to win the trust of the press. They will know that we are not spinning like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. We may sometimes embarrass ourselves and disclose things that we - and others - could easily hide, but we will shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this, and soon we will have a built-in defense when we are attacked. No matter what they hear, the press will come to us first and believe us because we will prove to them that we are telling the truth. This is perhaps the biggest reason for Biden to pursue the course of radical accountability: In every presidency, there are inevitably moments when public trust and the institutions that protect the public interest are crucial. Moreover, there is important capital to be gained by admitting our mistakes, and there is an important distinction that Biden can draw to his political opponents. The President would do well to follow the old adage: Tell the truth - and shame the devil. 
Forget me, okay. Ignore me, okay. It hurts, but you have to do what you think is right.  
Yes, because I think it's a method that's very easy to test, and it should always be tested against the two encoders. I would expect it to be sometimes better and sometimes worse than the two encoders, depending on the exact task, like what exactly the second thing is that you're encoding. So, maybe if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it might be kind of confusing for the attention, so whatever, I don't know. The behavior could also be different for the old sequence-to-sequence methods, compared to Transformer, so for RNN then it behaved differently, maybe with Transformer it is, it's harder to train, so maybe you need to increase the number of warm-ups, warm-up sets.  
I need to send an email to a random address, with unformatted data, so the clerk can read the email and enter it into their system to print a label.  
## Source: #FalconGameBooks  
I can only say good things about this gift bag set. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, wrapping paper and tissue paper. The product is of great quality and the different size options make it easier to choose the perfect one for each gift! I can only highly recommend it. The seller is absolutely sweet and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I was happy with my product. 5 stars in every way!  
No, I haven't edited it yet. [PERSON1] said we'd do it together once they receive the transcript.  
I actually quite like the akkoma software and the domain name I got for my instance. But somehow I have the feeling that I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I never really felt comfortable there. I will stay here a little longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.  
Also, since this applies here, I had to extend my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods so that the call to the new method was valid.  
## Rectified English Translation:  Your case: Source: Intersex is even recognized by TERFs and similar groups because it is generally more physical and therefore visible. Similarly, mental health is also recognized by many.  
## Revised English Translation: Biden's Justice Department opposes an armed citizenry.  
## English Translation:  Yes, and for multi-accent English. So, we [PERSON14] are now summarizing this into a technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is to create new sentences with words that were spoken in other sentences, and he will do this across different speakers. So it will really be multi-speaker sentences, and this could also improve the robustness to the different accents of these speakers. Ah, so this is a pilot experiment. And later we might be able to do something more on the topic of multi-accent. So these new sentences will actually try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible set of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the text-only language model by adding the sound part, so that the language model is better suited for the ASR and the robustness to different speakers is also better. And in a talk yesterday I heard another idea. It was during training. They threw out time bands and frequency bands from the sound. So they trained on disturbed inputs, and this also significantly improved the robustness of the system.  
I have tried almost every "humane" trap on the market, with very little success.  
(PERSON4) And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected, but in the wrong context, as if the translation were wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong, and the part has to be <unintelligible>. But that was only one or two cases.  
## English Translation:  (PERSON11) This is important. Please write this down in the documentation tool, this summary, because this is for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you talk to [PERSON10], and possibly also [PERSON5]. If we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple workers. We need to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example depending on the background noise. And also to this language identification worker, and then we need to merge these outputs, and that's a tool that we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that observes the text outputs and also tracks the timestamps and the - it would probably output the output in three separate language channels to either use silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs so that the ASR is silent when it's the wrong language, and the recognized text when it's the right language. I just came up with this kind of setup. Another setup would be that the same sound is sent to the ASR and this language checker. This language checker is essentially part of the ASR that mutes the ASR when it's the wrong language. That's also an option. So we need to figure out which type of language identification integration is best suited for our purposes. So please keep thinking about what our pipelines should look like. Ideally, I think the least management confusion and so on would arise if our MT models were multilingual. If they supported different output languages and translated from each of these languages into English. They might just make a copy if English was given as input, so that we would have multiple ASRs in multiple languages at the beginning. All would go to English, and then from English it would be translated into all languages. And later, when [PERSON12] had a multilingual ASR model, this language identification wouldn't even be needed.  
I understand. Please provide the German sentence you would like me to translate into English. I will then analyze the provided translation and suggest improvements based on the MQM analysis and the additional notes.   Once you have provided the German sentence, I will proceed to compose the final English translation, ensuring it is accurate, fluent, and natural, and free of any critical, major, or minor errors.  
## Final English Translation:  It's fake news. The CBN refutes the claim that it can no longer print new Naira notes.  
The piano is a great beginner instrument! It promotes your child's artistic abilities and musical talent. It develops good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, it actually works and allows your child to play music at a young age. If you want your child to become a future pianist, you should consider this product! It's worth the money!
The eight-eyed Repnids seem to watch as you land the flyer on the red ground, but they make no move towards you. They even remain motionless as you step out of the flyer and slowly approach them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then to quake, as if in an earthquake, and you lose your footing, though the Repnids remain unfazed. The rock beneath you suddenly gives way. Repnids have tunneled beneath the surface, and you fall into a seething mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cavern below. The end is swift, as multiple pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra fouls your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human time traveler.  
The more I read about studies on sex, gender, and psychology, the simpler and less accurate the statement "My biological sex is male, my gender is female" seems. It almost feels like we're giving TERFs part of the argument. I feel like being trans means being "biologically non-binary." My sex is non-binary, my gender is female.  
Antonio Conte has complained about the defense, and this player is currently having problems in defense. He is facing very good players like Barnes and Maddison, but it is very disappointing. Although the goal was disallowed, Leicester restored their 4-1 lead with Barnes nine minutes from time. Despite the win against Manchester City, Tottenham missed the chance to move above Newcastle in the table and take third place.  
I have been playing with this thought for a while.  
Do you know a performant way for a web component to react to being added/removed from a document?
Okay, here is the English translation of the German sentence:  Okay, yes, I will check on the 21st, and otherwise I will send them an email.  
I asked the seller before buying if the color was too yellow, and he said it was like antique gold, darker. None of that is true! The set looks VERY cheap. It's extremely shiny yellow with many cubic zirconias, even shinier. It looks great in the photo, but in real life I wouldn't even give it to a teenager to wear.  
## Rectified English Translation:  Unimaginable fear, terror, and displacement have left them with the invisible scar of trauma.   ## Explanation of Changes:  * **Removed unnecessary phrase:** The phrase "Their case: Source:" was removed as it was deemed unnecessary and disruptive to the flow of the sentence. * **Improved naturalness:** The sentence was rephrased to sound more natural in English, while still maintaining the meaning of the original German sentence.  ## Final Notes:  The rectified translation is now accurate, fluent, and reads naturally in English. It faithfully conveys the meaning of the original German sentence without any unnecessary additions or explanations.  
The battery life of the device I bought on Amazon is terrible. I still can't believe Logitech discontinued this remote, nothing else comes close. I absolutely LOVE this Harmony remote, it's already my fourth one. The dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works, but there's an elbow track in the middle of the touchscreen, also thanks to my husband. I bought this one as a replacement, and the screen is great, but the battery it came with only holds a charge for a couple of days. My original (third) one holds a charge for weeks, and I use it for everything.  
## Musical Start
The
## Final English translation:  In this case: Source: These headlines and articles typically refer to a CEO of a large company. It's all inflammatory, but it makes me worried about the executives who read these articles.  
He also argues that the NDP and the Progressives want to depopulate society for environmental reasons. "You are the carbon they are trying to reduce."
Oh, I see, oh yes, those are the two results, aren't they?
Afrikaners, with 28,020 people living in Oslo, were the third largest immigrant group. Non-EU/EEA Europeans were the fourth largest group, accounting for 15,566 inhabitants of Oslo. From here, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022 there were almost 7,000 citizens from South American countries, while just over 3,000 nationals came from North and Central America. Meanwhile, fewer than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.  
I bought these in February. Recently I tried to use them and unfortunately every time I try one I get an error message from my Keurig machine that the pod is not compatible with my machine. I have been using Donut Shop pods in my machine since I first bought it and have never had a problem. Upon closer inspection of the coffee pod, I noticed that the code printed on the top of the pod is not very legible, so I can only assume I got a bad box. I bought a box of 72, which is 6 boxes of 12. I have even tried one from each of the 6 boxes and still get the same error message. I know it is not my machine because other pods I try work fine. Only from this shipment am I having this issue. Very disappointing as my return window has expired. UPDATE: I spoke with a customer service representative who refunded me my money. Thank you AMAZON for your wonderful customer service!  
Your situation: This week's prompt at Revelations is: Stay
All I needed.  
## The case of Adriana Kuch:  Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead in her Bayville home on February 3, two days after the upsetting video of the...  
## Final English Translation:  I'm giving the drone 3 stars for now. I don't want to give the seller a bad rating unless they deserve it, but this drone overheats a lot. I'm not sure if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello itself, but I'll probably try both just to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a fun little toy that flies better than some bigger, older drones, and some of my bigger drones feel more like toys than this one. However, it's the only drone I've ever had with overheating problems, and that really takes the fun out of flying it. I'm assuming for now that it's a manufacturing defect that they need to fix as soon as possible if they want their product to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone, as I paid for a new one. I will update the review after I have contacted the seller and DJI Tello.  
##
## Final English Translation:  Later in life, Modrow served on the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the chairman of the Left parliamentary group. "Until his old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."  
Yes, I believe Dominik did some experiments with Ivana. I think last year or the year before for Double Empty, where they included the context or concatenated the context with the input sentence and did some kind of document translation. However, it is not entirely clear whether this concatenation has the same effect as the multi-encoder setting.  
The development of sports infrastructure is receiving great attention. A clear proof of this is this athletics complex with over six thousand seats, as stated in the letter of the Kazakh President. Kazakh athletes are successfully competing in major international competitions and representing Kazakhstan. They are a role model for the younger generation and inspire young people to achieve great victories, according to Tokayev. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give a new impetus to the development of athletics in the country, and called for closer cooperation with international organizations in this area.  
So I finally watched #Heartstopper.  
As
You had the keys to my apartment for over six years.  
## Rectified English Translation:  The Indian government has withdrawn its appeal for cow hugging on Valentine's Day following criticism.  
## English Translation:  Your case: Source is E.   **Explanation:**  * The phrase "Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation" has been added to the target text, as per the MQM annotations. * The grammatical error in the sentence "Your case: Source: E" has been corrected to "Your case: Source is E." * The sentence has been rephrased to "Your case: Source is E." to make it more natural and idiomatic in English.  **Note:**  I have carefully considered the MQM annotations and feedback to ensure that the final English translation is accurate, fluent, and faithful to the source text.  
## English Translation:  Sure, they cut business taxes. However, they also cut subsidies and tax credits, which encourage more business activity.  
And my idea is that a client clicks on this microphone button and starts speaking. While the user is speaking, send the audio in small blocks, e.g., 200 or even 100 milliseconds, to the HTTP server. The server queues it, which I will later process with automatic speech recognition (ASR). The model performs reasoning and interpretation with the audio. When it has a new transcript piece, it sends it back, and the user should see the partial transcript immediately in the text field.
Yes, exactly, it is very important to parallelize everything, both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell-DF. He would have to do this many times, there will be errors, and you have to do it again quickly.  
Yes, thank you.  
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet.  
In numbers: The Oslo districts with the most foreigners.
Echidnas with amethyst and magenta spines. They are of average height, have an average build, and are muscular. Their tail is extremely thick. Their hair is magenta, short, and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped, and they wear scarlet cateye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.  
## Final English Translation:  "I'm experimenting a bit with Flutter. To be honest, I'm hesitant to base my business on Google technology. However, Google is one of the few major players with a genuine interest in creating a compelling cross-platform experience, and it shows." 
## Final English translation:  Abe hides his worries and laughs easily, while Tom isn't afraid to cry, but is less amused by rude humor. Jan will hurt you before letting you see she's hurt, and laughs the most when things are turned upside down. Mio knows that grief is a constant companion in life.  
I was disappointed when I received this item, as the silver part that goes around the face seemed to be made of some kind of cheap plastic. It wasn't the fact that it was plastic that disappointed me so much, but the fact that the plastic used made it look incredibly cheap. For me, this detail ruined the whole look. I also didn't trust the item to withstand daily use, so I sent it back. I was disappointed because it seemed like it would have been a good deal if it hadn't been for that. However, if you can overlook that, then it might be the right thing for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.  
I'm tired of conservative parties and governments claiming to be pro-corporate. They aren't, at least not in Alberta.  
## Final English Translation:  Tim Sherwood criticizes the £44 million signing Pedro Porro after his disappointing Tottenham debut. Source: ...  
You
I think we use something like Hypercore for the text flow, but I'm not sure if that would be suitable for it. 
## Rectified Target Segment:  > Source: I had a brand new artist tonight.  
## Final English Translation:  I bought this lamp to supplement the light my new vegetable plants get from the window. I love many of the features of these lamps. Advantages: First, they are easy to attach to my shelf and bend into many positions, so I can make changes as my plants grow. The lamps feel cool to the touch and haven't caused any damage to the plants, even when I touch them. I believe my vegetables have benefited from the lamps. The lamps are dimmable, but I only use the strongest setting. I haven't used the timer, but I prefer to turn them on and off myself. I can imagine this feature being useful in an office with houseplants or on vacation. Disadvantages: I don't think these lamps are strong enough to be the main light source for plants in a greenhouse. The lamps are small! If the lamps burn out, I have to buy a whole new unit.  
I want these companies that mediate transactions to explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about it on Bloomberg. But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.  
Your plan: To sow lettuce in Pennsylvania on a 6-row pattern and see how it compares to beds sown broadcast.  
I have tried literally EVERY SINGLE ONE and given up. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my transcripts.  
I understand. Here is the corrected English translation of the German sentence:  **Yes, I think he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we want a one, we can get one. You just have to hand it in by the second deadline. That's all he asked for. But he also told us that a lot of people don't do that, if you look at the experience of the last few years. They find it easier to prepare for the exam.**  I have made the following changes:  * I have corrected the spelling of "semester" to "semester". * I have added a comma after "one". * I have changed the word order in the second sentence to make it more natural in English. * I have added a period at the end of the sentence.  I believe that this translation is now accurate, fluent, and appropriate for the target audience.
The hacked version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function outside of its vtable.
## English Translation:  Early this morning, infrared satellite and ground-based observations indicated an expanding area of low stratus and patchy <URL>.  
## Rectified English Translation:  Kazakh Prime Minister Smailov expressed his gratitude to the President of the Asian Athletics Association, Dahlan al-Hamad, for his support in the preparation and conduct of the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships are being held for the first time on the territory of the CIS. Over 500 athletes from 31 countries are participating in the tournament, competing in the disciplines of running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put, and multi-event. The tournament will last until February 12. Earlier, it was reported that Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won the gold medal in the women's 3,000m, and Olga Safronova took the silver medal in the women's 60m at the tournament.  
Not like other Tomb Raider games.  
Remote work is liberating. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces and not in stuffy, noisy offices. It enables accessibility for everyone with internet access and a suitable workspace. It allows people to avoid long commutes that take time away from their day and their families.  
I've never said that before.  
The dilemma assessment for (Europe?) is not in the table because the table does not fit on the paper. The coverage is always around 97 percent. The correct lemmas are simply generated.  
I was fortunate enough to spend six unforgettable months with Nicholas in 2011, supporting a range of projects. When we met at the weekend, I was thrilled to hear about the progress, particularly with tree planting and farmer support. Thousands of trees have been planted, and farmers have been able to achieve higher yields through a range of measures, from support with equipment purchases to training.
The skirt is very beautiful. The lace pattern is elegant and soft. It does not wrinkle, even if it was squeezed in plastic and a box, it was very smooth, that's really great. It can be easily worn casually or elegantly and has a kind of vintage feeling due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think it could flatter anyone. I am 5'5" tall and weigh 130 lbs.  
## English Translation:  President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in the Brandywell season opener.  
(PERSON6) Yes, I was just thinking about what kind of data we are currently using for this. For example, if you look at the models from [ORGANIZATION4] on [ORGANIZATION5], they are already quite effective at these things.  
One
## English Translation:  Statistics Norway's figures showed that foreigners were spread across all city districts. Thus, South Nordstrand, the southernmost district in Oslo, had over 14,000 registered immigrants. Many immigrants also lived in desirable areas, as Frogn was the district with the fifth most foreigners. After that, Stov, Bjerk, Groru, Østensj, and Sagen formed the remaining ten districts in Oslo with the most residents from another country.  
As described.  
Your case: Gut feeling - missing woman is not in the river.  
But for some folders, the audio format is wrong for some reason, so something is wrong. So, some files still have a strange output. But for most folders, it should be okay.
## Final English translation:  You get what you pay for.  
## Final English Translation:  Your request: Source: It may be too nuanced for me to translate accurately. Needs to be translated into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, neither of which I speak at all.  
## English Translation:  And that, even though I haven't slept as well here in the last two nights as I do at home, and I'm a little #MECFS-like exhausted because I'm simply in a foreign environment where I can't take care of myself as well and have to remember where things are.  
## Final English Translation:  Owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, has predicted that the war could drag on for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview published late Friday that it could take 18 months to two years for Russia to gain full control of the eastern Ukrainian industrial region of Donbas. He added that the war could last three years if Moscow decides to capture more territory east of the Dnieper River.  
(PERSON6) And I think if we just - We could probably just get the data from them, because they have such an extensive collection of videos with different domains and speakers with different native languages on [ORGANIZATION5]. I had the idea that we could just use a tool to essentially download some kind of filtered videos from [ORGANIZATION5] and create a training set from that.  
The rectified target segment is:  I am currently on book number 31, and it is only May.  
I understand. Here is the rectified English translation of the German sentence:  Thank you to everyone who downloaded the latest update for Leasey. There have been a few very minor issues. No need to worry, but they will be fixed anyway. A small update will be released next week to fix them. Most of yesterday was spent installing the new update for some customers, and anyone who needs this support should have received it by now. Have a nice day!  
## English Translation:  Now, I understand that in practice, IDirectXObject2 is typically a proper superset of IDirectXObject, with no changed function signatures and only new methods added to the end. However, this is not universally true; in these cases, it is important which interface you use to create the object in question.  
Photos: Following the restorations, Egypt inaugurates the tombs of Djehuty and Hery.  
## GAZIANTEP. KAZINFORM - Kazakh rescuers continue to dig through the rubble in search of survivors in Turkey, according to Kazinform, citing the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergency Situations. The rescuers' work is hampered by large amounts of debris and unstable structures. So far, the Kazakh rescue team has recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including a child, in Turkey. Emergency medical care is also being provided around the clock. On Monday morning, a 7.7 magnitude earthquake devastated parts of southeastern Turkey and northern Syria. As of today, the death toll from the massive earthquakes in southeastern Turkey has exceeded 20,000.  
In our daily lives, we constantly seek ways to boost our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our jobs. This can be extremely difficult for people in healthcare, which is why I asked 30 health and wellness experts the same question: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burnout in your profession?" Their careers range from infectious disease specialists to psychologists to mindfulness teachers - and they all had great advice on how to stay motivated and keep the momentum going. Despite the wide range of their roles, there were several themes in their responses that stood out as ways to avoid burnout.  
## English Translation:  In the fall, Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks as the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives, retaking large swathes of territory in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could last, stating that the so-called "special military operation" will continue until its goals are achieved. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which make up the Donbas region, where pro-Moscow separatists have been fighting Ukrainian troops since 2014.  
I had bleached my entire head blonde a few months ago and then dyed it over with a black tint. Then I had highlights done all over my head. A few weeks later, I put blue/green Arctic Fox hair dye on my hair and it wouldn't fade. I used this product with Olaplex No. 3 and it lightened SIGNIFICANTLY, removing the green and blue parts and lifting the dark tint. However, after a day I noticed a green tinge in my hair. It's getting worse every day and I've used the color remover twice now, with the same result. My hair is also getting darker where the tint was. This is a great product, it just doesn't seem to last.  
A person was arrested at a protest outside the Tate Britain, where a drag queen story hour for children was taking place. The Metropolitan Police arrested a person on suspicion of racially aggravated harassment. No injuries were reported, and officers remain at the scene.  
Great backpack, but too many straps.
The last communist leader of East Germany has died at the age of 95.  
## English Translation with Corrections:  **Source:** Und dann stimme ich zu, dass es in diesem Wörterbuch viel Lärm gibt. Also habe ich Sie gebeten, verschiedene Versionen dieses Wörterbuchs zu erstellen, indem Sie nur die Wörter nehmen, die fünfmal beobachtet wurden. Und nur die Aussprachen, die dreimal oder öfter beobachtet wurden, oder so etwas. Auf diese Weise werden diese zufälligen Fehler, wie das Beispiel mit diesem vier IBM anstelle von IBM, nicht so häufig sein. Aber trotzdem werden Sie die Varianten in der Aussprache haben, denn wenn die Person, sagen wir, dieses "alzo", wenn Sie sich erinnern, wenn er dieses "alzo" mit einem "Z" 20 Mal in der Rede sagt, dann werden Sie das in den Daten mit dem "Z" sehen. Und wenn er es manchmal auch schafft, es richtig zu sagen, dann werden Sie das natürlich auch in den Daten sehen. Also, ich möchte, dass [PERSON4] mit [PERSON2] in Kontakt tritt. Vielleicht bleiben Sie im Gespräch, richtig? Ich muss jetzt gehen, weil ich die Kinder zum Mittagessen bringen muss und so weiter. Aber bitte bleiben Sie in diesem Gespräch und finden Sie gemeinsam heraus, wie Sie dieses Wörterbuch verwenden können. Also [PERSON4], bitte zeigen Sie [PERSON2], welches Wörterbuch das System akzeptiert. Teilen Sie Ihren Bildschirm und zeigen Sie es. Und [PERSON2], bitte schauen Sie sich das an und helfen Sie mit der Konvertierung des Wörterbuchs, das Sie in diese Datei ausgegeben haben. Eine Sache, die noch benötigt wird, ist der Ersatz des Sprachmodells. Aber alle diese Wörter sollten bekannte Wörter sein. Also [PERSON4], Sie müssen herausfinden, welche Wörter im Sprachmodell sind. Und die Wörter, die im Sprachmodell sind, sollten einfach kopiert werden. Das Wörterbuch wird also drei Spalten haben. Das Graphem, wie es ausgegeben wird. Eines erkannt. Die Phoneme, wie [PERSON2] vorgeschlagen hat. Und es wird mehrere Zeilen mit verschiedenen Phonemvariationen geben. Und die dritte Spalte wird auch für alle diese gleich sein, und wieder wird es die gleiche Graphemform geben. Das ist also, wenn das Sprachmodell es sieht. Und ich denke, dass diese Systeme auf diese Weise in der Lage sein sollten, es zu laden. Und Sie werden möglicherweise auch auf ein weiteres Problem stoßen: dass es nicht für zwei große benutzerdefinierte Wörterbücher bereit ist. Das ist also auch etwas, das getestet werden muss, aber bitte testen Sie es, beide zusammen. So weiß [PERSON2], was er im Wörterbuch erstellt hat. Und Sie wissen, wie das Wörterbuch aussieht, wenn Sie es manuell erstellen, und Sie müssen diese beiden Wissensstücke zusammenfügen. Ah, so dass es mit dem generierten Wörterbuch funktioniert.  **Target:** And then I agree that there is a lot of noise in this dictionary. So I asked you to create different versions of this dictionary by only taking the words that were observed five times. And only the pronunciations that were observed three times or more, or something like that. That way, these random errors, like the example with this four IBM instead of IBM, will not be as frequent. But still, you will have the variations in pronunciation, because if the person, let's say, this "alzo", if you remember, if he says this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the speech, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if he sometimes also manages to say it correctly, then of course you will also see that in the data. So, I would like [PERSON4] to get in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you can stay in touch, wouldn't you agree? I have to go now because I have to take the kids to lunch and so on. But please stay in this conversation and figure out together how to use this dictionary. So [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please take a look at it and help with the conversion of the dictionary that you have outputted into this file. One thing that is still needed is the replacement of the language model. But all these words should be familiar words. So [PERSON4], you need to find out which words are in the language model. And the words that are in the language model should simply be copied. So the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is outputted. One recognized. The phonemes, as [PERSON2] suggested. And there will be several lines with different phoneme variations. And the third column will also be the same for all of these, and again it will be the same grapheme form. So that's when the language model sees it. And I think that these systems should be able to load it that way. And you may also run into another problem: that it is not ready for two large custom dictionaries. So that's also something that needs to be tested, but please test it, both of you together. So [PERSON2] knows what he has created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to put these two pieces of knowledge together. Ah, so that it works with the generated dictionary. 
The translation "Did not work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre" is accurate and conveys the meaning of the source text. However, there are a few minor errors that could be improved for better fluency and consistency.  **Errors:**  * **Accuracy (Minor):** "1999er" should be translated as "1999" to maintain consistency with the English date format. * **Fluency (Minor):** The sentence could be rephrased for better flow in English, for example: "It didn't work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre."  **Rectified Target:**  "It didn't work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre."
Every artist has been there before and made the same mistakes. Good criticism is there to fix the problem quickly and doesn't target your abilities. It assumes you have the ability to fix the problem or find a solution.  
Your request: (PERSON2) <unintelligible/> that you like can increase your comfort rating by simply appending phrase-based output. The attention is like double diagonal, so it's not a problem. I believe you, but it's surprising that it didn't work.  
And so I had to create a raid group list.
We
## 3 1/2 Stars Remedy: A unique love story with the brother's best friend and a second chance  3 1/2 Stars Remedy is a love story that combines both the brother's best friend romance and a second chance. It's a unique story where the hero (Grady) has to do everything to win Collins back and prove to her that he's the one for her. Three years ago, Grady and Collins had a wonderful night together. Collins thought she would finally get everything she had dreamed of - her brother's best friend. But when she woke up alone the next morning and never heard from him again, everything changed. Now Grady is back, and he doesn't plan on leaving her again. He does everything in his power to prove to her why he left and that he won't give up on her this time.  While I liked the premise of this story and Grady at times, he often got on my
Your story: Source: But did I love it? Absolutely!  
## Derry City emerged victorious in the President's Cup after defeating Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The FAI Cup holders defeated last year's league champions at the Brandywell thanks to first-half goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy. The Hoops pressed for an equaliser in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' side held firm to win the opening game. Derry travel to St Patrick's Athletic for their league opener next Friday. Patching's volley put Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder opened the scoring when Derry won 2-1 against the eventual champions last February.  
There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and advisor to Warrington North MP Charlotte Nichols, who is aligned with Jeremy Corbyn, was not on the longlist to win back the seat from the Conservatives, despite having received nominations from four major trade unions. Reeves said she had nothing to do with the candidate selection, but added: "I know it's really important that we have rigorous procedures for who can get on the longlist and who can get on the shortlist."  
In
The literature class hatred is even worse: I love to read. I hit most of the classics before eighteen--though that's more a reflection of living in a small village, I also read the 1979 Encyclopedia Britannica in desperation.  
The
The rectified target segment is:  Jack Smith will win any fight over Mike Pence's subpoena that relies on privilege.  
It just appeared one day, and suddenly it was everywhere. I've entered the Burrata Dimension.  
## Final English Translation: Why do people go to the trouble of installing Google Maps?  
In July 2022, California officials charged Kilcher with two felony counts related to workers' compensation fraud, accusing her of illegally collecting more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. The timeframe includes several months when Kilcher was working on "Yellowstone," even though the actress claimed she was too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was arraigned in May.  
I
Through style transfer, Dusan, are you saying that something written in the source language would be translated into spoken language on the target page?
I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I've outlined are worth discussing, with some progress in each.  
The rectified target segment is:  It's ThinkPad Day!! I came home during my lunch break and saw this sitting outside. I wish I could take it to work to set up more things. But that will have to wait until tonight.  
## Final English Translation:  **Avoid Wifi connection - go Bluetooth!**  I bought this scale for my wife in October 2017. At that time, we were in the middle of moving and were staying in a hotel. I couldn't connect this scale to the Wifi in the hotel. I decided to wait until we had moved into our house and I could set up my own Wifi system.  March 2018 - I set up my Wifi system and this scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get the error message. Even when I'm 10 feet from the router. I followed the YouTube setup video, to no avail.  When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the Wifi router to communicate with the phone. This system is limited to the router connection... which, unlike a mobile phone, is usually not near the bedroom!  I would not recommend this scale to anyone, because of the Wifi connection. Please look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication instead. I am replacing this with a scale with a Bluetooth connection. 
## Final English Translation:  (PERSON1) Then we'll figure out which packages need to be installed in the Petri environment.  
## Annotated English Translation:  **Source:** Im vorliegenden Fall erklärte Wazir, dass diese beiden Gräber bedeutenden Persönlichkeiten gehörten, die zu Beginn der 18. Dynastie des Neuen Reiches lebten - einer der wichtigsten Epochen des alten Ägypten. Er sagte, dass die Anlage der Gräber T-förmig sei, ein Stil, der häufig in Gräbern aus der 18. Dynastie verwendet wurde. Diese bestehen aus einem Eingang, einer Säulenhalle, die zu einem Grabschacht führt, und Wänden mit deutlichen Inschriften. Waziri fügte hinzu, dass Djehuty während der Regierungszeit von Königin Hatschepsut Aufseher der Staatskasse war und die Arbeiten von Handwerkern und Künstlern beaufsichtigte.  **Target:** In this case, Wazir explained that these two tombs belonged to important figures who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - one of the most important eras of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs was T-shaped, a style that was often used in tombs from the 18th Dynasty. These consist of an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with clear inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was the overseer of the treasury during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists.  **Error Annotations:**  * **Minor:** "In this case" is a slightly less natural way to start the sentence than "Here," which is closer to the German "Im vorliegenden Fall." * **Minor:** "important figures" could be replaced with "prominent figures" for a more formal tone. * **Minor:** "one of the most important eras" could be rephrased as "a pivotal era" for a more concise and impactful expression. * **Minor:** "These consist of" could be replaced with "They feature" for a more engaging and descriptive tone. * **Minor:** "clear inscriptions" could be replaced with "distinct inscriptions" for a more precise and evocative description.  **Rectified Target Segment:**  Here, Wazir explained that these two tombs belonged to prominent figures who lived at the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom - a pivotal era of ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs was T-shaped, a style that was often used in tombs from the 18th Dynasty. They feature an entrance, a columned hall leading to a burial shaft, and walls with distinct inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuty was the overseer of the treasury during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists.  
I
The rectified target segment is:  Casper the #rat is an absolute heavyweight these days. I think my new job has been good for him - two free roams a day during work, at fairly predictable times.  
## Rectified English Translation:  Please don't tell me that Google/Flutter apps on iOS and macOS are bad. Cross-platform development is difficult if you want to do it well. I understand that.   ## Explanation of Changes:  * **Sentence 1:**     * The phrase "Your case: Source:" was omitted as it is not relevant to the translated text.     * The word "refrain" was replaced with "don't" for a more natural flow. * **Sentence 2:**     * The phrase "I know that." was rephrased to "I understand that." for a smoother flow.  ## Overall Assessment:  The rectified translation is accurate, fluent, and reads naturally in English. It faithfully conveys the meaning of the source text without any major or critical errors.  
"O'Mara's circumstances were 'quite extraordinary,' Reeves said, but conceded: 'There are important lessons for the Labour Party and all political parties in candidate selection. But I would also say that we have seen in this Parliament the constant undermining of standards in politics, not least by a series of Prime Ministers and fines and parties and standards that fall far short of what one would expect.' She added: 'One thing I would say about the Labour Party is that when people do wrong, they lose the whip. And that simply doesn't happen in the Conservative Party.'"
So this is an important thing that we should have encountered months ago. Remember, I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate on a later test set. And every time you all... It's not just you personally, [PERSON8]. There were other things, of course. But every time you thought about it, you thought, "This will be easy, we'll just run it". And it's only when you actually do it that you see all the problems. This is a common occurrence. We never know the problems until we encounter them. So this is a message for everyone. Before you try it, you never know what the problem will be. For example, the call I had where someone was interviewing me. Zoom has never worked so badly for me as it did today during the recording. So before you do it, you can't tell if it will work or not. And here we come across the problems with converting the file formats. Hopefully we can get the numbers quickly. So do you already have word error rate?  
I'm sorry, but I can't translate the sentence you provided. It
I think this is actually an interesting question to consider, whether we can use the constraints to enforce this kind of speaker gender in the translation.  
Jami slipped him the note as they briefly crossed paths just before the dog watch. She was on her way to the wall, he was coming off duty. He watched her go to make sure they hadn't been seen. She didn't look back. He waited until he was in the darkness of the sleeping quarters before he pulled out the note and read it in a beam of light that penetrated the blackout curtains. One word, in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to stay calm.
## English Translation:  1. One of the fans already sounded uneven when unpacking. 2. The fan speed controls are really wobbly. If you set them to 100%, the fans turn off. So you have to set them to 100% and then slowly turn them back down until they start again. 3. The build quality is mediocre, which is to be expected for products of this type in this price range. 4. The rubber feet that hold the laptop in an inclined position have broken off a few times. They can be put back in, but it happens often enough to be annoying. 5. On the positive side, this cooler has ideal fan placement for laptops that draw air in through vents near the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans in the middle and offer very little additional airflow to a laptop with such a cooling configuration.  
## English Translation:  Yes, if it has a limited context and because I make decisions based on a very limited context for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that it discovers within one or two seconds. If it turns out to be a bad translation, it actively attempts to rephrase it, for example, to clarify the matter. Overall, I really liked it. I like some of the translations. I was really amazed that even though the model made mistakes on its first attempt, it actively attempted to make corrections. And it definitely sounded very fluent, which I think is also very important. If you really demand low latency, then I think a slightly lower quality is also okay if the fluency is good. Because if you have bad translation quality and bad fluency, then I think the translation is simply pointless. But if the lower quality is due to the fact that the translation, when you read everything, gets the same information, but the wording is simply bad because, for example, it has used more words and made some corrections and so on, then I think that's perfectly fine for simultaneous translation, as long as you don't lose any information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, for example? Because I would like to take a look at it, just out of curiosity.  
## English Translation:  Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering the best Salesforce services tailored to your business needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can help you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support to ensure your business succeeds in the Salesforce ecosystem.
It's strange to do weightlifting but at the same time have no real idea what your one-rep max is, as this is one of the main ways people track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom without a spotter or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with some weights. I bench press on my bed. When I try to figure out my one-rep max, I always have to stop a little earlier because I'm afraid of getting stuck under the bar. I know this is not ideal, but I don't know what else to do.  
## Rectified English Translation:  I kept an open mind, curious to compare how Google Maps and Apple Maps perform on my iPhone test device (my daily device is an Android, so I rarely use an iPhone).   ## Error Analysis and Rectification:  The original target sentence contained a minor error: the phrase "my daily device is an Android" was placed within parentheses, which disrupted the flow of the sentence and made it sound awkward.   To rectify this error, I removed the parentheses and integrated the phrase seamlessly into the sentence. This resulted in a more natural and fluent translation that accurately reflects the meaning of the source text.  
The UPS Store near me does not allow me to write a label or write on the box. You must print the label.
Okay, here is the final English translation of the German sentence:  **Source:** (PERSON1) Nun, ich denke, der Online-Textfluss liegt bei mindestens 2.000.  **Target:** (PERSON1) Well, I think the online text flow is at least 2,000.  **Explanation:**  The original target sentence was accurate and fluent, but it contained a minor error in the use of the word "flow." The word "flow" is typically used to refer to the movement of a liquid or gas, but in this context, it is more appropriate to use the word "volume." Therefore, I have corrected the target sentence to read "Well, I think the online text volume is at least 2,000." This change makes the sentence more precise and faithful to the source text.
## Final English Translation:  The incident occurred after a rise in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the Strait of Dover to the UK in boats. Police have arrested 15 people after an anti-refugee demonstration turned violent outside a hotel housing asylum seekers near the English city of Liverpool. Merseyside Police said one officer and two civilians were slightly injured in the disturbances on Friday evening in Knowsley. Police said some protesters threw objects and set fire to a police van. The arrested people, aged between 13 and 54, were taken into custody "following violent disorder". Merseyside Police Commissioner Emily Spurrell told Radio City: "It was incredibly dangerous, and there were a couple of injuries to police officers."  