Your case: The first scenario is a non-aggressive attack by one country on its neighbor, in hopes of changing the security order of all of Europe.
Your case: Very good, the delay in Omicron was relevant to the first week, now - there is no reason to isolate half a nation, and there is no point in trying to stop Omicron - which exists here more than in Israel.
Your case: Medical negligence during childbirth is without a doubt the nightmare of every family.
Your case: Source: Your case: He raised generations of students and students, who are now located in the medical system in Israel, and continue to mention his memory and his work with their excellent work.
Your case: The surgery was performed on a 83-year-old cancer patient on April 19th.
Your case: Source: Your case: The forces are focusing on several areas throughout the Judea and Samaria district in order to arrest suspected individuals, including the village of Rishida and the city of Shechem.
Your case: Source: I love you
Your case: Source: Your case: If the number of confirmed cases rises, it does not mean that the number of patients rises.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: A variable interest rate linked to an index (33.3% on this interest) will add to the price increase of about 220 NIS.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Clinical Optometrist?!
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: An attack was found.
Your case:
Your case: What do you know about the luggage conditions of the airline company?
Your case: Source: The king.
Your case:
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Kobi, I wish there were many like you
Your case: There is no connection between emotions and the development of antibodies against the virus.
Your case: Source: When we started we were naive, many things happen to us in life and it is impossible to limit everything to a beginning, middle, and end.
Your case: Source: Your system: Source: The team's schedule will not be updated at this stage.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Free tours of the most popular locations of the streaming service series.
Your case:
Your case: Source: 8200 will not rest until the threat is removed.
Your case: Source: Your case: Yannis has a complex relationship with Yiftach Ziv, and it seems that sometimes he gives him too much credit, and imposes on him more than necessary, to the point of risking loss.
Your case: Source: Your case: In the second half of November 2021, interviews were conducted with approximately 8,900 people aged 15 and older on a continuous basis.   Target: Your case: In the second half of November 2021, interviews were conducted with approximately 8,900 people aged 15 and older on a continuous basis.
Your case: Source: Your case: Popular terrorism focuses on harming civilians and aims to undermine the essential sense of security for the normal lives of the civilian population.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: You are a world champion!
Your case: Source: Your suitcase: A suitcase weighing up to 20 kilograms will cost 40 dollars one way with advance booking.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: El Al is a garbage company.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Hospital examination: "He is estimated and experienced"
Your case: Source: The almost untouchable path led there, bringing down all the superhuman characters one by one, while the show certainly made sure to breathe their anachronisms throughout the year.
Your case: Source: Your case: This means that no one in the organization is aware of all the projects carried out by the accountant, and what is the scope of the work required in each of them.
Your case: Source: She was weighed like the rest of the day workers with shovels.
Your case: Source: He was married to Nohad and father to two sons.
Your case: Source: Your case: I feel a little frustrated right now because I have to move with my family after living in the central district and it's not easy, but there are no more phone calls and from a professional point of view I am much calmer.
Your case: The threat was carried out and the information was published widely on the internet.
Your case: According to the law, if an illegal resident is caught within a distance of about 50 to 100 meters from any side of the separation barrier, a military lawsuit will be filed against him.
Your case: Source: Musk is waiting for Trump's return: "It was a mistake to block him"
Your case: Source: Are we not entitled to information, facts, and relationships?
Your case: Awaits her appearances
Is it worth waiting for this?
Your case:
Your case: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: From the perspective of the Israeli consumer, fast delivery of shipments, within a few days from the moment of ordering, supports the purchase of additional daily products such as clothing and gifts, which buyers want to receive close to the purchase.
Your case: Source: Your case: In fact, only tens of thousands of workers per year apply for it.
Your case: Source: Your case: The song is not to my taste and the video clip is just too simple.
Your case: Source: Most Palestinians are employed in Israel as manual laborers.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: This is so that we are here.
Your case: Source: After these cities, sorted in order are: Ashkelon, Rishon LeZion, Tel Aviv-Yafo, Haifa, Ramat Gan, Holon, Be'er Sheva, Jerusalem, Bat Yam, Netanya, and Bnei Brak.
Your case:
Your case:
Your case: Source: As reported in "Israel Hayom", it is estimated that Biden will announce granting permission to El Al and all Israeli airlines to fly over Saudi Arabia to destinations other than the United Arab Emirates.
The Ministry of Health has not yet issued a response.
Your case: There is no problem with salting water for drinking, in unlimited quantities.
Your case: Source: When I look back, since I am a managing physician and medical director, the connection between the worlds is clear to me today; the instruction I received from Dr. Shinefeld of the company among them.
Your case: The injury is revealed as weakness of the hand muscles and in rare cases may reach complete paralysis of the entire arm.
Your case: Source: Your case: Sources claim that the failure to charge the correct price is a result, among other things, of overcrowding in prison and the fact that arrests are only made when there are related offenses or when it is a repeat offense.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: And you flew by train to the airport.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: It tends to control us and steal our freedom and liberty.
Your case: Source: Always led by terrorist elements, focusing on special efforts to try and maintain the violent atmosphere of recent weeks.
Your case: Source: Your case: Thousands affected: Serious privacy breach on Highway 6
Your case: Source: After the placenta is expelled, the medical team will check whether it came out in its entirety or if there are parts of the placenta that remain in the uterus.
Your case: Source: Maybe his personal abilities are still not equal to a Scottish player, but he is a team player, and especially his understanding of the game is much higher.
Your case: On the other hand, research shows that relationships through a computer change our focus so that we concentrate more internally and on the screen, reducing innovation and idea creation by looking at the environment and thinking outside the computer box.
Your case: Source: Culture, society, education, and more, at a high level.
Your case: Source: At 10:05, a siren will be activated due to rocket and missile fire in the town of Ganey Tikva.
Your case:
Your case: Source: If no steps are taken against him, including a lawsuit for attacking a police officer, the state will encourage the next officer to take even more extreme actions.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Yellow celebrations: "There was a feeling that the whole world was against us"
Your case: But the special complexity opened a Pandora's box, causing difficult questions to arise about managing the sick household.
Your case:
Your case: Source: On the other hand, despite the crisis of the coronavirus, the average salary in 2021 rose by 2% compared to 2020, and the gross average salary in Israel was 11,675 NIS.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Significant and necessary reinforcement of the center and the guard
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Nathan gave us encouragement and spoke with us.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: I prepare most of the dishes, and of course they warm up on the stove on Shabbat.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The settlement of the Medical Association filed a complaint that the director, Dr. Engel, was warned before his appointment.
Your case: Source: We are constantly checking the construction of power - in relation to employees, training, and in relation to tasks.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: I really enjoyed the installation process.
Your case: Shomar, David Baldwin, may join the yellow shirts and complete Oded Katch's defense line for the 2022/2023 season.
Your case: Source: Your case: So we were going to Aunt Hannah's with Eliyahu, or as she used to say, 'Elika's hand', and she would prepare blintzes.
Your case: Source: We need more strong Israelis on the team.
Your case: Why does it appear on the news website?
Your case: Source: Out of those not in the labor market, 2.3% stopped working due to layoffs or closure of work until March 2020.
Your case: Source: Your case: It is possible that when employees are more relaxed after getting to know each other, or when they work from home, their creativity will improve.
Your case:
Your case: Source: The case of yours: Source: The municipal council company, Sophie Nakash, in response: "The report of the auditor and the recommendations of the committee speak for themselves."
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: He was unique - a distant and sophisticated epidemiologist who volunteered for everything.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The State Comptroller noted in a report published about two months ago that two million workers are entitled to tax refunds totaling 3.6 billion NIS, which means that you also need to check if you are eligible to receive tax refunds.
Your case: Maccabi without a star
Your case: Source: Your situation: reality is actually improving. Human knowledge is advancing and along with it, new technologies and improvements are taking place.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Wow, sounds good
Your case: Source: There is no government here and everyone does as they please
Your case:
Your case: Source: Three Asiatic cheetah cubs recently emerged in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Your case: Source: Your case: Immediate human interaction is important in several ways.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: The CEO of Techs:On, Tal Karmoon: "The coronavirus crisis has led to Israeli employees becoming much more active.  Target: Your case: The CEO of Techs:On, Tal Karmoon: "The coronavirus crisis has led to Israeli employees becoming much more active.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: You now have 14 players, and Dani Abadia will join the European Championship, Gabi Chachvili will return, and there may be other changes.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Every Friday I make Kiddush for Shabbat, together with the children, who know it for the better.
Your case: Source: Your case: Regarding new mortgage customers - it is strongly recommended to familiarize themselves with the various programs and tailor the mortgage to their financial capabilities.
Your case: Source: Your case: The new price for a liter of 95 octane gasoline will be 8.08 NIS and those who want to enjoy full service will be asked to pay an additional 21 agorot per liter.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: How do you sum up these two years at Maccabi Tel Aviv?
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: You may be entitled to receive a significant amount after a simple action •
Your case: The survey allows tracking the development of the workforce, its size and characteristics, the extent of cancellation, and more.
Your case: Source: It is important to emphasize that not every mistake in treatment by the medical staff constitutes malpractice (in the legal sense of the term) and that different occurrences during childbirth do not necessarily indicate that the management was incorrect.
Your case: The strangest professions are electricians or advanced builders.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Bibi participated in the last season of "X Factor" and finished in third place.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: This, when the legal framework at this stage is composed only retrospectively.
Your case: Source: Maccabi Tel Aviv announced this evening (Tuesday) that they have reached an agreement with Zulte Waregem from the Belgian league regarding the sale of Novatos Miroshi.
Your case: Someone here missed an important detail
Your case: Source: Your case: The source: The second situation is a complex conflict between two countries.
Your case: Source: Your case: Regarding the Israelis, he is completely right!!
Your case: Source: Your case: It is important to remember that only a limited number of tickets (about 4,000) are offered and the price does not include luggage and seat selection.
Your case: Source: Your suitcase: Source: In Arkia, the basic ticket price includes a handbag that does not exceed 55*20*40 cm and weighs up to 7 kilograms.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Say: floor cleaning and washing, pots on the gas and smells on the stairs, Yaron Ilan or Avi Kahon on TV, but the weirdest thing would be if someone suddenly says "Gil Sosover".
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: 100% of the people who donated and paid taxes received a refund.
Your case: Source: Your case: The estimated amount requested by the trader is unclear since the amount started in thousands of dollars and as time progressed, it increased, so that just before the information was published, it had already reached millions of dollars.
Your case: This is not the peak of the pandemic.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Higher airfare for cargo and seats!!!
Your case:
Your case:
Your case:
The scientists are not interested in global warming or in rainfall levels.
Your case: Source: Your case: The analysis estimates a variable amplification rate between 0.25% and 0.5%.
Your case: Source: Your case: A protractor explains that a keratoconus usually opens during adolescence or at the end of adolescence (ages 15-16 or 20).
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The Pederman is not relevant.
Your case: After all, his activity is measured by controlling the application on the smartphone, and not much more.
Your case: They are working on more and more vaccines and bad methods to destroy the world's population, and then they tell us fake stories about global warming and such losses that they invented.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The electricity company responded: "The policy of using fuel is determined for the first time by the Ministry of Energy.
Your case:
Your case: Source: According to research data analysis, 84% of global agricultural lands will suffer from severe water shortages.
Your case: Source: Ms. Bibi will double the role of Noa, played by Dafna Armoni.
Your case: Source: Your case: Spotify wants to upgrade your car: We conducted a check on Car Thing
Your case: What are your feelings about the holiday?
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: I am here for whatever they need from me.
Your case: Source: After this decision, a government decision was made in July 2018, stating that the operation of production units operated on coal 1-4 at the Rabin crossing should be stopped.
Your case: Who are the scientists and how did they conduct the research?
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Another great embarrassment, we in Israel are caught by El Al, all direct flights in her hands, exorbitant prices, it is better that she will be dismantled now, it is time for real skies.
Your case: Source: Like every summer, over the years, alongside the heat, humidity, and boredom of the students, the Jerusalem Street Festival takes place, which has already become a tradition of the capital and will be held in several locations (including Mitchell Park, Sultan's Pool, opposite the Tower of David and at the foot of the walls of the Old City)—from August 15th to August 27th.
Your case: Source: Give them a chance: Maccabi Tel Aviv's Israelis saved Sferopoulos
Your case: Source: "The Third World War will be a war of the hackers, but the world is not ready for it."
Your case: Source: Your case: Since the disease has recently spread to him, an abnormal accumulation of fluid was found in the pericardium, where the heart muscle is located.
Your case: Source: Your case: The situation in which the scope of the issues in which the manager was involved grew disproportionately, with a lot of interference in the daily management of the municipality, without any expectation or monitoring by the municipality.
Your case: Source: Wishing everyone to be positive in life and negative in coronavirus tests - and of course, to have perfect healing and good health.  Target: Your case: Wishing everyone to be positive in life and negative in coronavirus tests - and of course, to have perfect healing and good health.
Your case: Source: The sanctity of Shabbat and tradition find their deep source in my soul.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Falcao attacked the box, and the striker got up and hit back and the ball stopped in his team's net.
Your case:
Your case: Source: It was more interesting to hear how many people received envelopes from Israel Post, how much the real estate assets of the branches (located in sought-after city centers) are worth, and how much the employees' salaries are (minimum wage).  Target:
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: For the third time in a row: Ashdod - the most business-friendly city
Your case: The type that really plays
Your case:
Your case: Source: Despite all the known medical practices, the medical team did not know how to identify the passing complication and perform a cesarean section despite the slowest progress of labor.
Your case: Source: Your case: I understood today as a manager that these insights are also correct when examining the entire system.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Huber and Shochman (each 15) broke in
Your case: Source: The fighters who fought in the battle in Jenin testified that they do not remember such a concentration of shooting and violence - it is clear that not only is there a huge amount of weapons in that area, but also people willing to use it.
Your case: Source: Your case: Shocked that the coronavirus has arrived and shocked that most of the population is being subjected to an experimental substance with unknown consequences for a period of 5-25 years for those who are subjected to it.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Very talented.
Your case: You must rely on your Israelis.
Your case: Too bad you didn't participate in the Eurovision competition.
Your case: Source: Your case: People who are deported did not update their credit point entitling them to financial support, therefore the tax refund for each year of non-update in the credit point is 2,616 NIS.  Target: Your case: People who are deported did not update their credit point entitling them to financial support, therefore the tax refund for each year of non-update in the credit point is 2,616 NIS.
Your case: Source: Your case: The answer to this research is that social isolation is bad even from a professional point of view, and the truth is, what is surprising and disappointing here is the surprise.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: "Unique education and leadership"
Did you change your workplace?
Your case: Source: When Ben Carter and Casey Parther return from injuries in their knees, it will be a strong team.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: For the first time, Spotify's interface impressed me very much with the quality of its material structure.
Your case: Source: Information about many students from Bar Ilan University exposed to the network
Your case: Source: Your case: Illegal residents are mostly brought into the country by private drivers, as it is easy money to earn. Target: Your case: Illegal residents are mostly brought into the country by private drivers, as it is easy money to earn.
Your case:
Your case: Source: In another case, we also identified that a certain rival attacked Israel and in the process we identified that the attacker also tried to harm power plants in the US.
Your case: Source: Your case: Ariel Beit Lahmi's team won a third consecutive victory, this time particularly impressive •
Your case: Source: Your case: It's been almost a year, and when I visited his family in Sheva, I cried.  Target: Your case: It's been almost a year, and when I visited his family in Sheva, I cried.
Your case:
Your case:
Your case:
Your case: If you purchase a regular ticket, it may include a suitcase of up to 23 kilograms.
Your case: Source: Your case: An efficient, organized, and structured integration process will make the talent excited about their new place from day one and even look forward to the future.
Your case: Source: Lopez separated from baseball player Alex Rodriguez in April 2021
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: You can board the plane with a carry-on bag or a stroller weighing up to 7 kilograms and an additional suitcase weighing up to 23 kilograms.
Your case: The alarming conclusions show that today the rate of water consumption has doubled several times in the last decade, while global warming is causing a decrease in the amount of rainfall in agricultural areas around the world.
Your case: Source: Who is he?!
Your case:
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Loss of control.
Your case:
Your case: Source: As mentioned, it is possible to navigate between the different screens using the touch screen or manual device.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Due to a large number of hospitalized people, Hadassah is preparing to open a third coronavirus ward.
Your case: Source: Thousands of arrests