Your case: Source: Your case: The first case is a non-urgent attack by one country on its neighbor, in hopes of changing the security order of all of Europe.
Your case: Source: Very good, the delay in Omicron was relevant for the first week, now - there is no reason to isolate half a nation, and there is no point in trying to stop Omicron - which exists here more than in Israel.
Your case: Medical negligence during childbirth is without a doubt the nightmare of every family.
Your case: Source: Your case: He raised generations of students and students, who are now located in the medical system in Israel, and continue to mention his memory and his work with their excellent work.
Your case: The surgery on an 83-year-old lung cancer patient was performed on April 19th.
Your case: Source: Your case: Forces are focusing on several areas throughout the Judea and Samaria district in order to arrest suspected individuals, including the village of Rishida and the city of Shechem.
Your case: Source: I love you
Your case: Source: Your case: If the number of confirmed cases rises, it does not mean that the number of sick people rises.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: A variable interest rate linked to an index (33.3% on this interest) will add to the price increase of about 220 NIS.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Clinical Optometrist?!
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: An attack was found.
Your case:
Your case: How will you know what are the baggage conditions of the airline company?
Your case: Source: The king.
Your case:
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Kobi, I wish there were many like you
Your case: There is no connection between emotions and the development of antibodies against the virus.
Your case: Source: When we started we were attached, many things happen to us in life and it is impossible to limit everything to a beginning, middle, and end.
Your case: Source: Your system: The group invitation will not be renewed at this stage.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Free tours of the most popular locations of the streaming service series.
Your case: Source: Your case: The Omicron epidemic is breaking out and the pressure is already being felt in hospitals: 37,847 thousand people were infected yesterday (Monday) with the coronavirus.
Your case: Source: 8200 will not rest until the threat is removed.
Your case: Source: Your case: Yannis has a complex relationship with Yiftach Ziv, and it seems that sometimes he gives him too much credit, and imposes on him more than necessary, to the point of risking loss.
Your case: In the second half of November 2021, interviews were conducted with approximately 8,900 people aged 15 and older continuously.
Your case: Source: Your case: Popular terrorism focuses on harming civilians and aims to undermine the essential sense of security for the normal lives of the civilian population.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: You are a world champion!
Your case: Source: Your suitcase: A suitcase weighing up to 20 kilograms will cost 40 dollars one way with advance booking.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: El Al is a garbage company.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Hospital: "He is estimated and experienced"
Your case: Source: Your case: An almost inaccessible route led there, bringing down all the supernatural characters one by one, while the program made sure to inflate their egos throughout the year.
Your case: This means that no one in the authority is aware of all the projects carried out by the manager, and what is the scope of the work required in each of them.
Your case: Source: She was reflected like the rest of the garden workers with shovels.
Your case: Source: He was married to Nohad and father to two sons.
Your case: Source: Your case: "I feel a bit frustrated right now because I have to move with my family after living in the central district and it's not easy, but there are no more phone calls and from a professional point of view I am much calmer".
Your case: The threat was carried out and the information was published widely on the internet.
Your case: According to the law, if an illegal resident is caught within a distance of about 50 to 100 meters from any side of the separation barrier, a military lawsuit will be filed against him.
Your case: Source: Your case: Moscow is waiting for Trump's return: "It was a mistake to block him"
Your case: Are we not entitled to information, facts, and relationships?
Your case: Awaits her appearances
Is it worth waiting?
Your case:
Your case: Do not provide any descriptions or text other than the translation.
Your case: Source: Your case: From the perspective of the Israeli consumer, fast shipping of deliveries, within a few days from the moment of ordering, supports the purchase of additional daily products such as clothing and gifts, which buyers are interested in receiving close to the purchase.
Your case: Source: In fact, only tens of thousands of workers each year apply for it.
Your case: Source: Your case: The song is not to my taste and the video clip is just too simple.
Your case: Source: Most Palestinians are employed in Israel as manual laborers.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: This is so that we are here.
Your case: Source: After these cities, sorted in order are: Ashkelon, Rishon LeZion, Tel Aviv-Yafo, Haifa, Ramat Gan, Holon, Be'er Sheva, Jerusalem, Bat Yam, Netanya, and Bnei Brak.
Your case:
Your case:
Your case: Source: As reported in "Israel Hayom", it is estimated that Biden will announce granting permission to El Al and all Israeli airlines to fly over Saudi Arabia to destinations other than the United Arab Emirates.
The Ministry of Health has not yet issued a response.
Your case: There is no problem with salting water for drinking, in unlimited quantities.
Your case: Source: When I look back, since I am a managing physician and medical director, the connection between the worlds is clear to me today; the instruction I received from Dr. Shinefeld of the company among them.
Your case: The injury is revealed as weakness of the hand muscles and in rare cases may lead to complete paralysis of the entire arm.
Your case: Source: Your case: Mixed sources claim that the failure to charge the correct price is a result, among other things, of overcrowding in prison and the fact that arrests are only made when there are related offenses or when it involves a return to criminal activity.
Your case:
Your case: Source: And you flew by train to the airport.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: It tends to control us and steal our freedom and liberty.
Your case: Source: Always led by terrorist elements, focusing on special efforts to try and maintain the violent atmosphere of recent weeks.
Your case: Source: Your case: Thousands were affected: Serious violation of privacy on Highway 6
Your case: Source: After the judge leaves, the medical team will check whether she left in full or if there are parts of the placenta left in the uterus.
Your case: Source: Maybe his personal abilities are still not equal to a Scottish player, but he is a team player, and especially his understanding of the game is much higher.
Your case: On the other hand, research shows that relationships through a computer change our focus so that we concentrate more internally and on the screen, reducing innovation and idea creation by looking at the environment and thinking outside the computer box.
Your case: Source: Culture, society, education, and more, at the top edge
Your case: Source: At 10:05, an alert will be activated for rocket and missile fire in the town of Ganei Tikva.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Member of Knesset, Ofer Cassif, is the most recent example of this; if steps are not taken against him—including a lawsuit for attacking a police officer—the state will encourage the next officer to take even more extreme actions.
Your case: Source: Yellow celebrations: "There was a feeling that the whole world was against us"
Your case: However, the special complexity opened a Pandora's box, causing difficult questions to arise about the management of the hospital.
Your case:
Your case: Source: On the other hand, despite the crisis of the coronavirus, the average salary in Israel in 2021 increased by 2% compared to 2020, and the gross average salary in Israel was 11,675 NIS.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: And significant and necessary reinforcement of the center and the guard
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Gave us words of encouragement and spoke with us.
Your case:
Your case: Source: I prepare most of the dishes, and of course they warm up on the stove on Shabbat.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The settlement of the Medical Association filed a complaint that the director, Dr. Engel, was warned before his appointment.
Your case: Source: We are constantly checking the construction of power - in relation to employees, training, and in relation to tasks.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: I really enjoyed the installation process.
Your case: Source: Your case: Shomar, David Baldwin, may join the yellow shirts and complete Oded Katch's backline for the 2022/2023 season.
Your case: Source: Your case: So we were going to Aunt Hannah with Eliyahu's hand, or as she used to say, 'Elika's hand', and she would prepare blintzes.
Your case: Source: We need more strong Israelis on the team.
Your case: Why does it appear on the news website?
Your case: Out of those not in the labor market, 2.3% stopped working due to layoffs or closure of work until March 2020.
Your case: Source: Your case: It is possible that when employees are more relaxed after getting to know each other, or when they work from home, their creativity will improve.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The municipal council company, Sophie Nakash, in response: "The report of the auditor and the committee's recommendations speak for themselves."
Your case: Source: Your case: - 94% of people who paid premiums for personal life insurance or took out a mortgage were entitled to a tax refund. Target: Your case: - 94% of people who paid premiums for personal life insurance or took out a mortgage were entitled to a tax refund.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: He was unique - a compassionate and wise epidemiologist who volunteered for everything.
Your case: Source: The State Comptroller noted in a report published about two months ago that two million workers are entitled to tax refunds totaling 3.6 billion NIS, which means that you also need to check if you are eligible to receive tax refunds.
Your case: Maccabi without a star
Your case: Source: Your situation: reality is actually improving. Human knowledge is advancing and along with it, new technologies and improvements are taking place.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Wow, sounds good
Your case: Source: There is no government here and everyone does as they please
Your case:
Your case: Source: Three Asiatic cheetah cubs were recently spotted in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Your case: Immediate human interaction is important in many ways.
Your case:
Your case: The CEO of TechsOn, Tal Karmoon: "The coronavirus crisis has led to Israeli employees becoming much more active."
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: You now have 14 players, and Dani Abadia will join the European Championship, Gabi Chachashvili will return, and there may be other changes.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Every Friday I make Kiddush, together with the children, who know it by heart.
Your case: Source: Your case: Regarding new mortgage customers - it is strongly recommended to familiarize themselves with the various programs and tailor the mortgage to their financial capabilities.
Your case: Source: The new price for a liter of gasoline with an octane rating of 95 will be 8.08 NIS and those who want to enjoy full service will be asked to pay an additional 21 agorot per liter.
Your case: Source: Your case: However, before managers rush to return employees to offices, researchers note that "working via computer did not affect efficiency itself or the critical thinking of people on innovative proposals, when they had to choose the best idea from a set of ideas."  Target: Your case: However, before managers rush to return employees to offices, researchers note that "working via computer did not affect efficiency itself or the critical thinking of people on innovative proposals, when they had to choose the best idea from a set of ideas."
Your case: Source: Your case: How do you sum up these two years at Maccabi Tel Aviv?
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: You may be entitled to receive a significant amount after a simple action •
Your case: The survey allows tracking the development of the workforce, its size and characteristics, the extent of unemployment, and more.
Your case: Source: Your case: It is important to emphasize that not every mistake in treatment by the medical staff constitutes a legal error and that different incidents during childbirth do not necessarily indicate that the management was incorrect.
Your case: Source: The most abnormal are electricians or advanced builders.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Bibi participated in the last season of "X Factor" and finished in third place.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: This, when the legal framework for this step is composed only retrospectively.
Your case: Source: Maccabi Tel Aviv announced this evening (Tuesday) that they have reached an agreement with Zulte Waregem from the Belgian league regarding the sale of Novatos Miroshi.
Your case: Someone here missed an important detail
Your case: Source: The case of yours: The source: The second situation is a complex conflict between two countries.
Your case: Source: Your case: Regarding the Israelis, he is completely right!!
Your case: Source: Your case: It is important to remember that only a limited number of tickets (about 4,000) are offered and the price does not include luggage and seat selection.
Your case: Source: Your suitcase: Source: Barkia, the basic ticket price includes a handbag that does not exceed 55*20*40 cm and a weight of up to 7 kilograms.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Say: floor cleaning and washing, pots on the gas and smells on the stairs, Yaron Ilan or Avi Kahon on TV, but the weirdest thing would be if someone suddenly says "Gil Sosover".
Your case: Source: Your case: 100% of the people who donated and paid taxes received a refund.
Your case: Source: Your case: The estimated amount that the insider trader demanded is not clear since the amount started in thousands of dollars and as time went on, it increased, so that just before the information was published, it had already reached millions of dollars.  Target: Your case: The estimated amount that the insider trader demanded is not clear since the amount started in thousands of dollars and as time went on, it increased, so that just before the information was published, it had already reached millions of dollars.
Your case: This is not the peak of the pandemic.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Higher airfare for cargo and seats!!!
Your case:
Your case:
Your case:
The scientists are not interested in global warming or in rainfall levels.
Your case: Source: Your case: The analysis estimates indicate a rate that varies between 0.25% and 0.5%.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Friedman is not relevant.
Your case: After all, his activity is measured by controlling the application on the smartphone, and not much more.
Your case: They are working on more and more vaccines and bad methods to destroy the world's population, and then they tell us fake stories about global warming and such losses that they invented.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: The electricity company responded: "The policy of using fuel is determined for the first time by the Ministry of Energy."
Your case:
Your case: Source: According to research data analysis, 84% of global agricultural lands will suffer from severe water shortages.
Your case: Source: Ms. Bibi will double the role of Noa, played by Dafna Armoni.
Your case: Source: Your case: Spotify wants to upgrade your car: We conducted a check on Car Thing
Your case: What are your feelings about the holiday?
Your case: Source: המקרה שלך: מקור: אני כאן לכל מה שהם צריכים ממני.  Target: Your case: Source: I am here for whatever they need from me.
Your case: Another decision regarding this was made by the government in July 2018, stating that the operation of production units operated on coal 1-4 at the Rabin crossing should be stopped.
Your case: Who are the scientists and how did they conduct the research?
Your case:
Your case: Source: Like every summer, over the years, alongside the heat, humidity, and boredom of the students, the Jerusalem Street Festival takes place, which has already become a tradition of the capital and will be held in several locations (including Mitchell Park, Sultan's Pool, opposite the Tower of David, and at the foot of the walls of the Old City)—from August 15th to August 27th.
Your case: Source: Give them a chance: Maccabi Tel Aviv Israelis saved Sfropolus
Your case: Source: "The Third World War will be a war of the hackers, but the world is not ready for it."
Your case: Source: Recently, a dispersion of the disease was found, and an abnormal accumulation of fluid was found within the pericardium, where the heart muscle is located.
Your case: Source: Your case: A situation has arisen in which the scope of the issues in which the manager was involved grew disproportionately, with a lot of interference in the daily management of the municipality, without any supervision and monitoring by the municipality.
Your case: Source: Wishing everyone to be positive in life and negative in coronavirus tests - and of course, to have perfect healing and good health.
Your case: Source: The sanctity of Shabbat and tradition have deep roots in my soul.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Falcao attacked the box, and the striker got up and hit back and the ball stopped in his team's net.
Your case:
Your case: Source: It was more interesting to hear how many people received coupons in the mail from Israel Post, how much the real estate of the branches (located in sought-after city centers) is worth, and how much the employees earn (minimum wage).  Target: המקרה שלך: זה היה יותר מעניין לשמוע כמה אנשים קיבלו קצבות בדואר ישראל, כמה שווה הנדל"ן של הסניפים (שנמצאים במרכזי הערים המבוקשות), וכמה הם מרוויחים העובדים (משכורת מינימלית).
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: For the third time in a row: Ashdod - the most business-friendly city
Your case: The type that really plays
Your case:
Your case: Source: Despite all the known medical practices, the medical team did not know how to identify the passing complication and perform a cesarean section despite the slowest progress of labor.  Target: Your case: Despite all the known medical practices, the medical team did not know how to identify the passing complication and perform a cesarean section despite the slowest progress of labor.
Your case: What I understand today as a manager is that these insights are also correct when looking at the entire system.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Huber and Shochman (each 15) advanced
Your case: Source: Fighters who fought in battle in Jenin testified that they do not remember such a repair of shooting and violence - it is clear that not only is there a huge amount of weapons in that area, but also people willing to use them.
Your case: Source: Your case: Shocked that the coronavirus has arrived and shocked that most of the population is being put into an experimental substance with unknown consequences for a period of 5-25 years for those who are put into it.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Very talented.
Your case: Source: Your case: You must rely on your Israelis
Your case: Too bad you didn't participate in the Eurovision competition.
Your case: Source: People who are deported did not update their credit point regarding financial support, therefore the tax refunds for each year of not updating the credit point are 2,616 NIS.
Your case: Source: Your case: The answer to this research is that social isolation is bad even from a professional point of view, and the truth is, what is surprising and disappointing here is the surprise.  Target: Your case: The answer to this research is that social isolation is bad even from a professional point of view, and the truth is, what is surprising and disappointing here is the surprise.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: "Unique education and leadership"
Did you change your workplace?
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: For the first time, Spotify's interface impressed me very much with the quality of its material structure.
Your case: Source: Information about many students from Bar Ilan University exposed to the network
Your case: Source: Your case: Illegal residents are mostly brought into the country by private drivers, as it is easy money to earn. Target: Your case: Illegal residents are mostly brought into the country by private drivers, as it is easy money to earn.
Your case:
Your case: Source: In another case, we also identified that a certain rival attacked Israel and in the process we also identified that the attacker also tried to harm power plants in the US.
Your case: Source: Your case: Ariel Beit Lahmi's team won a third consecutive victory, this time particularly impressive •
Your case: Source: Your case: I moved a year ago, and when I visited his family in Sheva, I cried.
Your case:
Your case:
Your case:
Your case: If you purchase a regular ticket, it may include a suitcase of up to 23 kilograms.
Your case: Source: Your case: An efficient, organized, and structured integration process will cause employees to be excited about their new workplace from day one and even expect a bright future.
Your case: Source: Lopez separated from baseball player Alex Rodriguez in April 2021
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: You can board the plane with a carry-on bag or a stroller weighing up to 7 kilograms and an additional suitcase weighing up to 23 kilograms.
Your case: The alarming conclusions show that today the rate of water consumption has doubled many times in the last decade, while global warming is causing a decrease in the amount of envelopes in agricultural areas around the world.
Your case: Source: Who is he?!
Your case:
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Loss of control.
Your case:
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: As mentioned, it is possible to navigate between the different screens using the touch screen or manual device.
Your case: Source: One of the additional reviews of Anglman refers to the initial circumstances of the assessment of the technologies submitted to the drug basket.
Your case: Source: Your case: Due to a large number of hospitalized people, Hadassah is preparing to open a third coronavirus ward.
Your case: Source: Your case: Source: Thousands of arrests