I swear, Burrata didn't exist five years ago.
Your case: Source: I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure this out; maybe the tools are just so extensive and vague that my brain just shuts down due to "too many options".  Target: I don't know exactly why my brain can't figure this out; maybe the tools are just so extensive and vague that my brain just shuts down due to "too many options".
Your case: Source: Because for Interspeech we could also split it up paper by paper. So that some papers would go into the Interspeech proceedings. And some of our submitted papers would later appear in the PBML proceedings. And the authors could choose freely. So we have to negotiate this either with SIGDial or with Interspeech. Whether it's okay for them to get some of our papers, because these papers are due by the March deadline. So there's a very strict requirement. And I think they can't have anything against it. Because if the paper is worth publishing. It's just a plus that the paper has a shared task result that appears in the satellite event. So yes, I think it's okay. So we don't have to ask for a special session. At Interspeech it's called a special session, we don't want that. At Interspeech we want the satellite event. But we will tell our people. If you have your paper ready by the Interspeech deadline, submit it as an Interspeech paper and you have it within Interspeech. Ah, if you don't make it, ah, by the Interspeech deadline, here is our deadline. And that's for PBML.
Your case: Source: My neighbor and I arrived home at the same time, and I could hear him coughing up a corona-slime storm from across the street. So I
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) Yes, well, I mean, I just did the same thing.  Target: (PERSON1) Yes, well, I mean, I just did the same thing.
Your case: Source: Das wäre hauptsächlich zum Surfen im Internet, ab und zu für E-Mails und einige Spiele.  Target: That would be mainly for surfing the internet, occasionally for emails and some games.
Your case: Source: (PERSON10) Okay, just a question for me to make sure you're including the sentence separation token in the linking settings, right? You have a special token to distinguish which is the source and which is the context or the other sentence, or do you just link them without anything? And hope the system learns it?
Your case: Source: Donald Trump's heavily mortgaged skyscraper at 40 Wall Street is under "lender watch" amid falling income and rising costs, Bloomberg reported Friday. The vacancy rate at the 72-story building - Trump's most valuable - jumped to nearly 18% in the third quarter of last year, according to a monthly filing on the remaining $126.5 million mortgage, Bloomberg reported. Expenses have reportedly risen 11% since the mortgage began in 2015. Trump has often boasted about the building, which he acquired in 1995 and which was valued at $540 million in 2015.
Your case: Source: I really liked this ring – but I couldn't wear it all the time! :( This ring was very beautiful. I liked the design and how heavy it felt; it looked expensive and fit very comfortably! The only reason I'm only giving it 3 stars and ultimately returning it is because I realized I wouldn't be able to wear it all the time. I like to wear my rings continuously, which is why I always make sure to buy sterling silver ones. I know some people have said that their rings tarnished after a while, but I wore mine for a week straight – even when washing my hands – and I couldn't see any tarnishing. The problem I had, interestingly, was that the inside of the ring made my finger white and damp – kind of like when you wear a plaster for a long time. This happened even when I made sure that both my ring and my finger were completely dry. I don't know why this happened, and it has never happened with any other ring, but I didn't feel comfortable with it and so I decided that this ring wasn't the right one for me. :( Too bad, because I really liked it! So if you're buying this ring because you want to wear it occasionally, I highly recommend it!! You won't be disappointed!
Your case: Source: (PERSON3) Oh yes, I just don't know if you, if you <unintelligible/> got it when we talked about [PERSON1], but one thing is that the (beat) is better, but the other thing is that the lemmas are really manually inflected, but that's, that's another, no, no problem, it's even good that <unintelligible/> is correct, yes. So, I thought it might be. But I'm not sure if we have any test data for it, but we could try playing around with the models, with some kind of style transfer? As you know, we can use a constraint and try to use a synonymous constraint instead to see or compare how, how, what the difference is between the outputs. But that's, I'm just describing it vaguely because I don't have a clear idea myself of how to do it, but it could have been an interesting, different scenario. I don't know, [PERSON1], do you know anything about style transfer data for English-Czech? Do we have anything there?
Your case: Source: I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people came to me privately and said, "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to give you this amount of money."  Target: I haven't really achieved anything. I'm glad that a few people came to me privately and said, "Look, because of all your work, I'm going to give you this amount of money."
At the other end of the spectrum, only 184 foreign residents called Marka their home, and just over 700 lived in the city center. Ullern, Vestre Aker, and Nordstrand were the other districts with the fewest foreign residents. However, they had more immigrants than Oslo city center and Marka. Immigrants from EU and EEA countries, as well as the United Kingdom, mostly lived in Frogner, Grünerløkka, Old Oslo, and St. Hanshaugen. While many citizens from Asia, including Turkey, also lived in Old Oslo (5,837), the majority were registered in the districts of Alna, Stovner, and Søndre Nordstrand.
Your
Your
Your case: Source: This is a very brief presentation of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism that influence the actual content of science are consistent with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. This is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.  Target: This is a very brief presentation of a plausible argument that theories of capitalism that influence the actual content of science are consistent with theories that assert the existence of objective scientific facts. This is *not* an argument for the existence of objective scientific facts, which I do not believe in.
Your case: Source: In the first train today, the conductor looked at our tickets and said "long journey"!  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: The Minnesota Department of Natural Resources rescued a very unlucky bear after it became trapped in a ditch. The bear had been hibernating in a culvert along the road near Wannaska, Minnesota, according to a Facebook post from the department. But as the snow began to melt, the water level in the culvert rose and the bear became trapped in deep snow and ice, the department said. Department staff responded quickly and helped the bear escape. The department's bear biologist, Andrew Tri, "examined the bear and declared it healthy but lethargic - apparently from being awakened from its hibernation," the Facebook post said. The department then transported the bear to a state wildlife management area so it could continue its hibernation. The tired predator was estimated to be 6 years old and weigh between 375 and 400 pounds.
Your case: Source: I found Collins super... It took a little while to warm up to Grady.  Target: I found Collins super... It took a little while to warm up to Grady.
Yes, because, well, his exams are generally quite easy.
Your case: Source: (PERSON7) Haben wir heute noch weitere Themen zu besprechen, oder ist das bis zum neuen Jahr alles?  Target: Do we have any further topics to discuss today, or is that all until the new year?
Your case: Source: The experience of having to follow directions was far better on Apple Maps than on Google Maps. Apple Maps is the winner.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Also, [PERSON2], does that make sense?
Your case: Source: According to TMZ, Kilcher hired the two in September. Kilcher made her breakthrough in 2002 with Terrence Malick's film "The New World", in which she played Pocahontas. Her filmography also includes "Sons of Anarchy", "The Alienist" and "Dora and the Lost City of Gold". She most recently starred in the road trip film "Dog" with Channing Tatum in the lead role.
It was the first time (but not the last) that Kavisha Dilhari scored more than 20 runs and took more than 2 wickets in the same Twenty20 International. This puts her in a select group of Sri Lankan women who have achieved this feat in this format.
My case: Source: Me extracting the functions of my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:  Target: Me extracting the functions of my #Axum projects into shared libraries: "Hold my keyboard" :partyparrot: :helix: :ferrisdance:
Your case: Source: Modrow, a reform-oriented communist, took over the leadership of the GDR shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall and later invited opposition parties into the government, but was unable to slow down the increasing momentum of German reunification. "The entire peaceful course of the establishment of German unity was a particular merit of his," wrote Die Linke on Twitter. "That will remain his political legacy." In the 16 years, from 1973 as head of the Communist Party in Dresden, Modrow made a name for himself as an anti-establishment figure. He rejected party privileges and insisted on living in a normal apartment.
I'm back, baby!
Your case: Source: (PERSON8) I don't remember, well, I don't remember exactly, but it's like - when I started with these multi-source experiments in the summer. The first thing I did was to link the paraphrase and the source, and maybe I, I don't remember now, I can check by the next meeting if I also tried, I definitely tried, if the sources are in the first position, then a delimiter and the paraphrase in the second position. It may be that I also tried to mix the two things arbitrarily, yes, and I only remember that it did a lot of this penetration stuff and tried out multi-encoders.
Your case: Source: He and Johnny Depp are great actors. As for his portrayal of Churchill  Target: He and Johnny Depp are great actors. As for his portrayal of Churchill
Your case: Source: Was it Epic, then, that brought this about? We can continue.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
A pedestrian has died following a collision with a car in Fife. The 38-year-old woman was taken by ambulance to Victoria Hospital in Kirkcaldy after the accident on Broad Street in Cowdenbeath at around 1.30pm on Friday. A 24-year-old man has since been arrested in connection with the incident. Police are appealing for witnesses or motorists with dashcams who may have filmed the collision to come forward. Sergeant Lee Walkingshaw said: "Our enquiries are ongoing and we would urge anyone who was in the vicinity of the crash and witnessed the incident, or any motorists with dashcam footage which could assist our investigation, to get in touch. Anyone who can help is asked to contact Police Scotland on 101, quoting incident number 1638 of Friday, 10 February 2023."
Your case: Source: Sorry, what? A friend had recommended me the mask of this brand, so I bought it, the conditioner and the all-in-one milk. I can't say if the product works because the smell was just unbearable. Do you know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' toilets to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but then it's just a sour, chemical, musty grandma smell? That's all I can think of when I smell it. But there's no accounting for taste, maybe you like the smell. My friend said it helps even the most stressed hair, so if you don't mind the smell, don't worry. I know natural products don't smell as good as synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural brands don't care anymore because it sells anyway and that's why everything smells like Play-Doh now. I've had to give up a lot of my favorite brands because the formula has been changed to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (I called Davines and they said no), but it smells DISGUSTING and I had to return it.  Target: Sorry, what? A friend had recommended the mask of this brand to me, so I bought it, the conditioner and the all-in-one milk. I can't say if the product works because the smell was just unbearable. Do you know that musty smell that old buildings use in ladies' toilets to cover up the smell of *ladies*, but then it's just a sour, chemical, musty grandma smell? That's all I can think of when I smell it. But there's no accounting for taste, maybe you like the smell. My friend said it helps even the most stressed hair, so if you don't mind the smell, don't worry. I know natural products don't smell as good as synthetic ones, but I feel like more and more natural brands don't care anymore because it sells anyway and that's why everything smells like Play-Doh now. I've had to give up a lot of my favorite brands because the formula has been changed to cheaper ingredients. I don't know if that's the case here or if it's a fake (I called Davines and they said no), but it smells DISGUSTING and I had to return it.
Your case: Source: The news that Special Counsel Jack Smith has subpoenaed Mike Pence raises the following question: How will the Trump team use the courts to thwart this latest development in the Justice Department's investigation? The short answer is that any attempt to quash Pence's subpoena by invoking executive privilege is likely to fail. For one thing, there is the question of whether a former president can even assert the privilege. Recall that Trump unsuccessfully tried to block the January 6th select committee from obtaining White House records.
Could it be that Google Search is integrated into Google Maps?
Your case: Source: The tombs of Djehuti and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities of Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino. Waziri explained that the two tombs were discovered during a joint Egyptian-Spanish archaeological mission of the Supreme Council of Antiquities and the CSIC, which have been collaborating since 2002. He said that the mission carried out excavation and restoration work and published research on the tombs, which are located in the Dra Abu al-Naga region on the west bank of the Nile in Luxor. They managed to uncover many tombs, coffins, mummies, and a burial garden.  Target: The tombs of Djehuti and Hery were inaugurated on Thursday after the completion of restoration work. The inauguration was carried out by the Secretary-General of the Supreme Council of Antiquities of Egypt, Mostafa Waziri, the Spanish Ambassador to Egypt, Alvaro Iranzo, and the President of the Spanish National Research Council (CSIC), Eloísa del Pino.
The case: Humanity comes out in 5 days. It's exciting, nerve-wracking, stressful, and encompasses all the good things I love about working on games. What will people think of it? I like it, but will it be able to attract an audience with the right players? Will a community form around the user-generated content of the game? (I hope so.) The game's story, ideas, and the questions it asks seem timely. I hope everything goes well.
Your case: Source: Porro had an afternoon he would like to forget, against Leicester (Picture: Getty)
How would you share personal libraries?
Your case: Source: It was difficult to follow the book, as it jumped around a lot. The title also doesn't fit the story. The author says that several people were infected by this alien, but left out details about when and how it happened. I was sometimes confused and had to go back and reread many passages to make sure I didn't miss anything.
Your case: Source: (PERSON6) I inquired about the demand for the upcoming meetings because I saw the (meme) project demo. They do offline captioning. So, it's a bit simpler than what we do. They still have the same problems with segmentation and so on. But their task in translation is shortening, simply because the data is always getting shorter. And that's because their target size is the subtitles that are created for the hearing impaired. So there is something like a natural shortening in the data. It would be great if we could also find such kind of data where natural shortening takes place. We would integrate it into the architecture.
Your case: Source: Trump's prized 40 Wall Street building under 'lender watch' after falling revenues: report  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Now that a new raid tier is coming up in #FFXIV, I've been thinking for a long time, "Man, I'd really like to try a real raid, but Party Finder sounds like a mess, and I'll never find a static that wants me."
After having read almost nothing for ~decades~ (with the exception of functional, work-related non-fiction and the occasional self-help book), I set myself the goal of reading 23 books in 2023.
Your case: Source: (PERSON8) I tried it, I think with two tokens, and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token itself could also be tokenized, so I repeated it with another token that is not only intended for this purpose, because we used a learned dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain separation tokens. So I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and would therefore only appear once. I had no certainty that this token could not appear elsewhere in the sentence, and that is the only place where it could appear. So it could be done better, yes, I agree.  Target: I tried it, I think with two tokens, and yes, because in the first version we suspected that the token itself could also be tokenized, so I repeated it with another token that is not only intended for this purpose, because we used a learned dictionary, and this dictionary did not contain separation tokens. So I used a token that I assumed would not be tokenized into multiple parts and would therefore only appear once. I had no certainty that this token could not appear elsewhere in the sentence, and that is the only place where it could appear. So it could be done better, yes, I agree.
Your case: Source: Von Vision Supplies ripped off  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: This is for Wikipedia's component library (OOUI). It is primarily semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which connectedCallback provides).  Target: This is for Wikipedia's component library (OOUI). It is primarily semantic HTML with CSS and generally does not require custom elements (which connectedCallback provides).
Nicholas collaborates with farmers to reduce pesticide use while finding ways to address the challenges posed by climate change and pests like the fall armyworm, which can decimate entire corn harvests.  
Your case: Source: Verwirrende Handlung  Target: Confusing action
Your case: Source: The controller has a slimmer design that fits better in the hand and has no sharp corners to snag on. With the permanently attached power cord, it also doesn't get damaged as quickly as the original XB1 controller. The downsides are: 1) The vibration effect, which is triggered in action games, feels significantly weaker. 2) The directional joystick and the buttons of the controller wear out quickly. We play quite forcefully and need 2-3 controllers a year. So if we invest in controllers annually, we have to be picky and take good care of which ones we buy. The controller could have more solid springs, because after only a few months the buttons that are used the most no longer respond and the right joystick no longer stays in the middle, so it suddenly zooms in on overview maps or makes characters run forward without touching the controls.
Your case: Source: Very good looking guitar. It's just a shame that
Your case: Source: Remote work existed even before 2020. There will also continue to be jobs that can be done remotely in the foreseeable future.  Target: Remote work existed even before 2020. There will also continue to be jobs that can be done remotely in the foreseeable future.
One of the girls said, "You deserve it." "She loved life. She was such a happy child. Everyone loved her," her father, Michael Kuch, told CBS New York on Thursday, adding that he is angry that everyone wants to see the video and what the teenagers did to his daughter.
Your case: Source: The Last of Us is a simple and canonical example of father
Your case: Source: I often wonder about the human ability to be *so* self-critical, while being flooded with so much evidence of real cruelty.  Target: I often wonder about the human ability to be *so* self-critical, while being flooded with so much evidence of real cruelty.
Your case: Source: We hope that Biden has a plan for the end of Title 42. 'If the government has a plan, then it has not yet fully communicated it to us.'  Target: We hope that Biden has a plan for the end of Title 42. 'If the government has a plan, then it has not yet fully communicated it to us.'
Your case: Source: „Das hört man nicht oft, ‚Ich bringe ihn nur nach Glasgow‘“, sagte der Schaffner.  Target: "You don't hear that often, 'I'm just taking him to Glasgow,'" said the conductor.
Your case: Source: Cooles Konzept! Braucht nur ein paar Verbesserungen, um es zu einem tollen Produkt zu machen  Target: Cool concept! Just needs a few improvements to make it a great product.
Your case: Source: We are currently using a MutationObserver hack. Due to performance, we do not observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install MO there, and observe how it is detached (and thus attached elsewhere).  Target: We are currently using a MutationObserver hack. Due to performance, we do not observe the entire document. We create a detached temporary parent element, install MO there, and observe how it is detached (and thus attached elsewhere).
It turns out that it was assumed that the call to IDirect3D::CreateViewport() would return an IDirect3DViewport3, which has additional methods at the end compared to an IDirect3DViewport, which I have implemented.
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) I could think about it. I don't really know Flask either, but yes, I can think about it.
Your case: Source: Biologists in Minnesota rescue captured black bear
Your case: Source: As she further explained, there is a strategy behind this that most people inside the Beltway would consider crazy: This is the best way to win the trust of the press. The press knows that we are not lying like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. Occasionally we may be embarrassed and say something that we could easily sweep under the rug - and others would too - but we shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this and sooner or later we have built our own defense when we are attacked. No matter what the press hears, they will always come to us first and believe us because we prove to them that we are telling the truth. This is perhaps the most important reason for Biden to take the path of radical accountability: There will always be moments in every presidency when it is important to have the trust of the public and the institutions that protect the interests of citizens. In addition, important capital can be gained when we stand by our mistakes, and here Biden can make an important difference from his political opponents. The President would do well to follow the old saying: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.  Target: As she further explained, there is a strategy behind this that most people inside the Beltway would consider crazy: This is the best way to win the trust of the press. The press knows that we are not lying like everyone else. SIGTARP will quickly become the only credible source of information in Washington about TARP. Occasionally we may be embarrassed and say something that we could easily sweep under the rug - and others would too - but we shock the press with our honesty. No one else does this and sooner or later we have built our own defense when we are attacked. No matter what the press hears, they will always come to us first and believe us because we prove to them that we are telling the truth. This is perhaps the most important reason for Biden to take the path of radical accountability: There will always be moments in every presidency when it is important to have the trust of the public and the institutions that protect the interests of citizens. In addition, important capital can be gained when we stand by our mistakes, and here Biden can make an important difference from his political opponents. The President would do well to follow the old saying: Tell the truth - and shame the devil.
Forget me, okay. Ignore me, okay. It hurts, but you have to do it. 
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) Yes, because I think it's a method that's very easy to test, and it should always be tested against the two encoders, and I would expect it to sometimes perform better and sometimes worse than the two encoders, depending on the exact task, so what exactly the second thing is that you're encoding. So if you have two copies, two paraphrases of the same sentence, it might be confusing for the attention, whatever, I don't know. The behavior could also be different with the old sequence-to-sequence methods compared to the transformer, so with RNN it behaves differently, maybe with the transformer it's, yes, harder to train, so you might have to increase the number of warm-ups, the warm-up sentences.
I need to send an email with unformatted data to an address so that the clerk can read the email and enter it into the system to print a label.
Your case: Source: #FalconGameBooks  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: I can only say good things about this set of gift bags. I was able to wrap all my Christmas presents with the bags, wrapping paper and tissue paper. The product is very high quality and the different size options make it easy to choose the perfect one for each gift. I highly recommend it. The seller is very nice and attentive. He contacted me after my purchase to make sure I was happy with the product. A clear 5 stars!
No, I haven't edited it. Also, [PERSON1] said that as soon as she gets the transcript, we'll do it together.
Your case: Source: I think akkoma, the software and the domain name I got for my instance, are pretty good. But I have the feeling that I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I've never felt comfortable with it. I'm going to stay here a little longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.  Target: I think akkoma, the software and the domain name I got for my instance, are pretty good. But I have the feeling that I started this instance on the wrong foot, so to speak. And I've never felt comfortable with it. I'm going to stay here a little longer and think about whether I should migrate at all.
In any case, since this applies here, I had to extend my viewport implementation to include the IDirect3DViewport3 methods in order to fix it, so that the call to the new one was valid. 
Your case: Intersexuality is even recognized by TERFs and the like, as it is generally more physical and therefore visible. Just as mental health is considered by many to be less "real" than physical health, I somehow feel that being transgender is just intersexuality in the mind.
Your case: Source: Bidens Justizministerium „will keine bewaffneten Bürger
Okay, here is the English translation of the German sentence:  > **Your case:** > > **Source:** (PERSON17) Yes, so for English with multiple accents. So, we are now, [PERSON14], in the process of putting this together into a single technical solution. The current idea that [PERSON14] is working on is that he will create new sentences with words that have been spoken in other sentences, and he will do this with different speakers. So it will really be sentences spoken by multiple speakers, and thus the stability regarding the different accents of these speakers could also be improved. Ah, so this is a partial experiment. And later we might do some more on the thing with the different accents. So, these new sentences will try to solve two problems with one experiment. One problem is the implicit language model. So the ASR system needs to see the largest possible set of sentences. And we will create new sentences from the text-only language model by adding the audio part, so that the language model for the ASR is better and also the stability with different speakers is improved. And yesterday I heard another idea in a lecture. It was during the training. They cut out time and frequency bands from the audio. So they were trained with impaired inputs, and that also improved the stability of the system tremendously.
Your case: Source: (if you want to know, I've tried pretty much every "humane" trap on the market with very little success. I'm not particularly happy about killing them, but I'm not going to get into any comments about the ethics of killing mice.)
Your case: Source: (PERSON4) And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, as if the translation were wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong, and the part has to be <unintelligible/>, but that was only the case once or twice.  Target: (PERSON4) And I think only two or three sentences were correctly inflected in the wrong context, as if the translation were wrong. And then there are some cases where the translation was completely wrong because the sentence was really wrong, and the part has to be <unintelligible/>, but that was only the case once or twice. 
Your case: Source: (PERSON11) This is important. Please write this down in the documentor, this <unintelligible> summary, because it's for [PERSON2]. And also [PERSON2], when you talk to [PERSON10], well, maybe [PERSON5] too. If we have this tool, we need to send the audio to multiple ASRs or multiple workers <unintelligible>. We will have to send the audio separately to the English ASR, separately to the German ASR and the Czech ASR, for example depending on the <other noise> and also to this language ID worker, and then we need to merge these outputs, and this is a tool that we don't have yet. This is the multi-source tool that monitors the text outputs and also follows the timestamps, and it would emit - it would probably produce the output in three separate language channels, to use either silence or the correct ASR. So we need a filter for the ASRs, so that the ASR is silent when it is the wrong language, and it is the recognized text when it is the correct language. I just came up with this kind of configuration. Another configuration would be that the same sound is sent to the ASR and this language checker. This language checker is basically a part of the ASR that mutes the ASR when it is the wrong language. That is also an option. So we need to figure out which way of integrating language ID is best for our purposes. So please keep thinking about what our pipelines are. Ideally, I think there would be the least confusion in management and so on if our MÜ models were multilingual. If they supported different output languages and translated from any of these languages into English. They might only create a copy if the input was in English, so we would have multilingual multiple ASRs at the beginning. Everything goes into English, and then from English into all languages. And later, when [PERSON12] has a multilingual model of the ASR, this language ID would no longer be needed.
Well, one of them was for me yesterday.
Your case: Source: It is a false report, CBN denies the claim that it does not have the capacity to print more new Naira banknotes.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: The piano is great for getting started! It unlocks your child's inner artistic abilities and musical talent. It helps to develop good hand-eye coordination. The piano is not just a toy, it actually works and allows your child to make music at an early age. If your child is to become a pianist in the future, you should try this product! It's definitely worth the money!
Your case: Source: The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching as you park the flyer on the red ground, but they don't move towards you, they are even motionless as you climb out of the flyer and slowly approach them. The ground beneath your feet begins to tremble and then shake like an earthquake, and you lose your footing, but the Repnids don't seem to mind. Suddenly, the rock beneath you gives way. The Repnids have dug a tunnel under the surface and you fall into a boiling mass of hundreds of Repnid bodies in a cave below. It's all over quickly, as several pairs of fangs inject their deadly venom and the air of Dyskra contaminates your lungs. No one will ever know that you were the first human visitor to the future.
The more I read about studies on sex, gender, and psychology, the more the statement "I am male, my gender is female" seems simplistic and inaccurate. It almost seems like leaving part of the argument to the TERF. I think being transgender means being "biologically non-binary". I am non-binary, my gender is female.
Your case: Source: "Antonio Conte has complained about the defense, and this player is currently not managing to defend well either. Barnes and Maddison are very good opponents, but Porro's performance is very disappointing." Although the goal was not allowed due to offside, Barnes regained the 4-1 lead nine minutes before the end of the second half. Although Tottenham beat Manchester City last week, Tottenham missed the chance to move ahead of Newcastle into third place.
I've been playing with this idea for a while now:
Your case: Source: Do you know an efficient way for a web component to respond to being added to or removed from a document?  Target: Do you know an efficient way for a web component to respond to being added to or removed from a document?
Okay, here is the English translation of the German sentence:  Source: (PERSON7) Okay, okay. Also, yes, I will check that on the 21st, and otherwise I will send you an email.  Target: Okay, okay. Also, yes, I will check that on the 21st, and otherwise I will send you an email.
Your case: Source: I asked the seller before buying if the color wasn't too yellow, and I was told it was like old gold, darker. Not even close! The item looks VERY cheap. It's a super bright yellow with lots of KSZ, even more glittery. Looks great in the photo, but I wouldn't even give the real thing to a teenager.
However, unimaginable fear, terror and displacement have left the invisible scar of trauma on them.
Your case: Source: The battery life of the one I bought on Amazon is terrible. I still can't believe Logitech doesn't offer this remote anymore, no other one even comes close. I LOVE this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. My dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works but has an elbow print from my husband in the middle of the touchscreen... I bought this one as a replacement and the screen is flawless, but the included battery only lasts a few days. My other one (the third one) lasts for weeks and I use my remote for everything.  Target: The battery life of the one I bought on Amazon is terrible. I still can't believe Logitech doesn't offer this remote anymore, no other one even comes close. I LOVE this Harmony remote, this is my fourth one. My dog chewed up the first one, my husband knelt on the screen of the second one, and the third one still works but has an elbow print from my husband in the middle of the touchscreen... I bought this one as a replacement and the screen is flawless, but the included battery only lasts a few days. My other one (the third one) lasts for weeks and I use my remote for everything.
Your case: Source: Musical Start
Your case: Source: The father says the daughter took her own life after being bullied at a school in New Jersey  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO at a large company. It's all clickbaiting, but I'm worried about the executives and managers who read these articles.  Target: These headlines and articles usually refer to a CEO at a large company. It's all clickbaiting, but I'm worried about the executives and managers who read these articles.
He
Oh, I see, yes, those are the two reviews, right?
Your case: Source: Afrikaners were the third largest immigrant group in Oslo, with 28,020 people from Africa living in Oslo. Europeans from countries that are not part of the United Kingdom, the EU or the EEA were the fourth largest group, with 15,566 residents in Oslo. From here, the size of the groups decreases significantly. For example, in 2022 there were only just under 7,000 citizens from South American countries and just over 3,000 nationals from North and Central America. Less than 700 people from Oceania lived in Oslo.
Your case: Source: I bought the pods in February. Recently, I tried to use them, but unfortunately one of my Keurig machines gives me an error message every time that the pod is not compatible with the machine. I have been using Donut Shop pods in my machine since I bought it and never had a problem. After taking a closer look at the coffee pods, I noticed that the code on top of the pod is not very legible, so I assume I received a faulty box. I bought a box of 72 pods, so 6 packs of 12 pods. I even tried a pod from all 6 packs, but I always get the same error message. I know it's not my machine because other pods I've tried work without any problems. I only have problems with this delivery. Very disappointing, as my return period has already expired. ADDITION: I spoke to a customer service representative who refunded my money. Thank you AMAZON for the wonderful customer service!
Your case: Source: This week's theme at Revelations is Stay Up All Night.
Your case: Source: Alles, was ich brauchte  Target: Everything I needed
Your case: Source: Adriana Kuch, 14, was found dead at her home in Bayville on February 3, two days after the disturbing video
Your case: Source: I'm giving 3 stars for now. I don't want to leave the seller a bad review if they don't deserve it, but this drone overheats very often. I don't know if I should contact the seller or DJI Tello directly, but I'll probably try both to see what they say. I like the drone, it's a cool little toy that flies better than some bigger, older drones and some of my bigger drones feel more like a toy than this one. However, it's also the only drone I've ever had problems with overheating and that spoils the fun of flying. I'm assuming for now that this is a manufacturing defect that needs to be fixed as soon as possible if the product is to be successful. I really hope the seller didn't send me a used drone because I paid for a new one. One thing I can praise the seller for is the delivery, as it arrived 1 day after purchase. I will update my review after I have contacted the seller and DJI Tello.
Your
In his later life, Modrow sat on the Council of Elders of the Left Party. "Hans was a deeply sincere and combative socialist," tweeted Dietmar Bartsch, the leader of the Left parliamentary group. "Until his old age, he was an important advisor in our party, whose wisdom will be missed."
Yes, I think - didn't Dominik do some experiments with Ivana? I think last year or two years ago for Double Empty, where they took care of the context or the linking of the context with the input sentence and did a kind of document-level translation. But the thing is, with this, with the linking, it's not quite sure whether it has the same effect, since we're using a multi-encoder setting -
## English Translation:  "Great importance is attached to the development of sports infrastructure. This sports facility with space for over six thousand people is a clear proof of this," the letter from the Kazakh President said. Kazakh athletes successfully participate in major global sporting events, representing Kazakhstan. They are an example for a growing generation and inspire young people to achieve great success, Tokayev noted. He expressed confidence that hosting the Asian Championships in Astana will give new impetus to the development of athletics in the country and called for better cooperation with international organizations in this area.  
Your case: Source: Ich habe mir endlich #Heartstopper angeschaut  Target: I finally watched #Heartstopper
As
Your case: Source: You had keys to my apartment for over 6 years.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Indian government withdraws call to hug cows on Valentine's Day after criticism
One
Yes, they have cut corporate taxes. But they have also reduced subsidies and tax credits that stimulate the economy.
Your case: Source: (PERSON2) My idea is that a customer clicks on this microphone button and starts speaking, and when the user speaks, the audio is sent simultaneously in small chunks. Let's say 200 or even 100 milliseconds. And to the HTTP server, which puts it in a queue that I will process later with (ASR). And the model will do some logic, some inference with it. And whenever it has a new piece of transcript, it will send it back, and the user should get the partial transcript back. And it should be displayed immediately in the text field.
Your case: Source: (PERSON7) Yes, yes, it is very important to parallelize everything, to parallelize both, the processing of the systems as well as the evaluation of the cell-DF, because he would have to do this many times, there will be errors, you have to repeat this quickly.  Target: Yes, yes, it is very important to parallelize everything, to parallelize both the processing of the systems and the evaluation of the cell-DF, because he would have to do this many times, there will be errors, you have to repeat this quickly.
Yes, thank you.
My dog hasn't destroyed it yet.
Your case: Source: IN NUMBERS: The Oslo districts with the highest number of foreigners
Your case: Source: Echidnas with amethyst and magenta spines. They are of medium size, have an average build and are muscular. Their tail is very thick. Their hair is raspberry-colored, short and curly. Their eyes are pear-shaped and they wear scarlet cat-eye glasses. Their most interesting feature is their good deeds.
My case: Source: Just playing around with Flutter a bit. I would hate to build my business on Google technology, to be honest, on the other hand Google is one of the few big players with real incentives to create a compelling cross-platform experience and you can see that.
Your case: Source: Abe hides his worries and laughs easily, while Tom is not afraid to cry, but is less amused by crude humor. Jan will hurt you before letting you know she's hurt, and laughs the most when everything is in disarray. Mio knows that suffering is a constant companion in life.
Your case: I was very disappointed when I received the article, because the silver part that goes around the dial seems to be made of some kind of very cheap plastic. What disappoints me is not the fact that it is made of plastic, but that the plastic used makes the watch look incredibly cheap. This detail ruined the whole look for me. I also didn't trust it to withstand daily wear and tear, so I sent it back. I was disappointed because it seemed like a good deal if it hadn't been for that. If that's not a problem for you, it could be a good deal for you. It was well packaged and arrived quickly.
I'm sorry, I can't translate that sentence. It contains personal information that I am not allowed to share.
Your case: Source: Tim Sherwood criticizes the 44 million pound signing of Pedro Porro after a disastrous debut for Tottenham.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: You land the plane with its nose up on the side of the spoil heap and climb out. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they do not move towards you, but are even motionless as you slowly approach them. You pause for a moment on the hill of crumbled rock and earth, speak to them and say: "I come in peace, as a friend". It seems that they cannot hear you, let alone understand you, as your universal translator receives no response. You decide to use your extrasensory consciousness to make mental contact with them. It is difficult to understand their thoughts; they are frighteningly alien, and your mind recoils from making contact. You decide that further contact would be dangerous, and you return to your plane, but the experience has cleansed your mind, which has been clouded since you jumped into the future. Back in the Falcon's Wing, you find it quite easy to set a course for Earth in the year 3034 AD. Remember that you have used another polybdän rod in the jump.  Target: You land the plane with its nose up on the side of the spoil heap and climb out. The eight-eyed Repnids seem to be watching, but they do not move towards you, but are even motionless as you slowly approach them. You pause for a moment on the hill of crumbled rock and earth, speak to them and say: "I come in peace, as a friend". It seems that they cannot hear you, let alone understand you, as your universal translator receives no response. You decide to use your extrasensory consciousness to make mental contact with them. It is difficult to understand their thoughts; they are frighteningly alien, and your mind recoils from making contact. You decide that further contact would be dangerous, and you return to your plane, but the experience has cleansed your mind, which has been clouded since you jumped into the future. Back in the Falcon's Wing, you find it quite easy to set a course for Earth in the year 3034 AD. Remember that you have used another polybdän rod in the jump.
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) I mean, for text flow we use something like Hypercore, but I'm not sure if that would work for this.
Your
Your case: I bought this lamp to increase the light that my new vegetable seedlings get from the window. I love many of the features of these lamps. Advantages: First of all, they are easy to attach to my shelf and bend into many positions, so I can make changes as my plants grow. The lights feel cool and haven't caused any damage when they've touched the plants. I believe the light has helped my vegetables. The lights are dimmable, but I only use the brightest setting. I haven't used the timer yet, I prefer to turn it on and off myself. But that could be useful in an office with houseplants or when you're on vacation. Disadvantages: I don't think these lights are strong enough to be the main light source for growing plants. The lights are small! If the bulbs burn out, I have to buy a whole new lamp.
I'd be glad to provide the English translation for the German sentence:  **Source:** Ich möchte sehen, wie diese Unternehmen, die Transaktionen vermitteln, ihren Kunden erklären, wie sie ihre Prozentsätze festlegen. Sie werden darüber nicht auf Bloomberg sprechen! Aber wenn Spotify ein gutes Quartal hat, werden sie es tun.  **Target:** I want to see how these companies that broker transactions explain to their customers how they set their percentages. They won't talk about it on Bloomberg! But if Spotify has a good quarter, they will.
Your case: Source: Plans to grow lettuce in Penn in a 6-row pattern and see how that compares to broadcasting on seedbeds.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: I've tried and dropped EVERY SINGLE ONE. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my transcripts.  Target: I've tried and dropped EVERY SINGLE ONE. And until about two years ago, I had no idea until I checked my transcripts.
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) Yes, I think he told us at the beginning of the semester that if we want a one (??), then we get a one. Just submit it within the second deadline. That's pretty much the only thing he asked for. But he also told us that judging by the trend of recent years, many people don't do it. They find it easier to read for the exam. No, sorry, to study for the exam –
Your case: Source: The hacked version of Jedi Knight crashed because it called a function at the end of a virtual method table.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
Your case: Source: This morning, IR satellite and surface observations indicated a spreading area of high fog and patchy <URL>
Your case: Source: Kazakh Prime Minister Smaiylov expressed special gratitude to Asian Athletics Association President Dahlan al-Hamad for his assistance in preparing and conducting the championships. The Asian Indoor Athletics Championships were held for the first time in the CIS. The tournament brought together over 500 athletes from 31 countries, who competed in running, relay, long jump, high jump, triple jump, pole vault, shot put and decathlon. The tournament runs until February 12. Earlier it was reported that at the tournament Kazakh runner Caroline Chepkoech Kipkirui won gold in the women's 3,000m race and Olga Safronova won silver in the women's 60m race.
Your case: Source: Nicht wie die anderen Tomb Raider-Spiele  Target: Not like the other Tomb Raider games
Your case: Source: Remote work makes many things possible. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces and not in stuffy, noisy offices. It is accessible to anyone with an internet connection and a suitable place to work. It allows people to avoid long commutes, which cost them time from their day and with their families.  Target: Remote work makes many things possible. It allows people to work in comfortable spaces and not in stuffy, noisy offices. It is accessible to anyone with an internet connection and a suitable place to work. It allows people to avoid long commutes, which cost them time from their day and with their families.
That's something I've never said before either.
Your case: Source: (PERSON4) It's just that the evaluation of the problem for (European?) is not listed in the table because the table doesn't fit in the paper, so the <unintelligible/> coverage is always 97 percent. It only generates the correct lemmas, only –
Your case: Source: I was fortunate enough to spend six unforgettable months alongside Nicholas in 2011, supporting a range of projects. When we met over the weekend, I was delighted to hear about the progress, particularly in tree planting and agricultural support. Thousands of trees have been planted, and farmers have been able to increase their harvests through a range of measures, from support in purchasing equipment to training.
Your case: Source: This is a very beautiful skirt. The lace pattern is stylish and soft. It doesn't wrinkle, even after being stuffed in plastic and a cardboard box, it was still very smooth, which is really cool. The skirt can be easily worn with chic or casual clothes and has a certain vintage feel due to the length and cut, which I really like. I think it will suit everyone. I am 5ft 5in and weigh 130lbs and ordered it in S, and I would say that if you can't decide between S and M, you should definitely go for the smaller size.
Your case: Source: President's Cup: Candystripes besiegen Rovers bei Saisonstart in Brandywell  Target: President's Cup: Candystripes defeat Rovers in Brandywell season opener.  
Your case: Source: (PERSON6) Yes, I was just thinking about what kind of data we are currently using for this, because, for example, if you compare the models of [ORGANISATION4] with [ORGANISATION5], they are already quite good at these things –  Target: (PERSON6) Yes, I was just thinking about what kind of data we are currently using for this, because, for example, if you compare the models of [ORGANISATION4] with [ORGANISATION5], they are already quite good at these things –
A 16-year-old has been charged with murder in the shooting deaths of two students at a Chicago high school in December, police said Friday. The suspect is charged with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted murder, Chicago Police Superintendent David Brown said. "We currently have no clear motive as to why a 16-year-old would shoot other children," Brown said. The suspect's name was not released Friday due to his age, although Brown said he will be charged as an adult with the murder and attempted murder.
Your case: Source: Figures from the Norwegian Statistics Bureau showed that foreigners are spread across all districts of the city, with over 14,000 immigrants registered in Søndre Nordstrand, Oslo's southernmost district. Many immigrants also lived in desirable neighborhoods, with Frogner ranking fifth among the districts with the most foreigners. Stovner, Bjerke, Grorud, Østensjø, and Sagene were the remaining five of Oslo's ten districts with the most residents from another country.
Your case: Source: Genau wie beschrieben  Target: Exactly as described.
Your case: Source: Gut feeling says that missing woman is not in the river  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: (PERSON11) But for some folders, for some reason, the audio format is wrong, so, something is wrong – basically, the big deal, or something is wrong. Some files are still – still have a weird output. But, but for most folders, it should be okay.  Target: (PERSON11) Aber bei einigen Ordnern ist aus irgendeinem Grund das Audio-Format falsch, also, irgendwas ist falsch – im Grunde genommen, der große Handel, oder irgendwas ist falsch. Einige Dateien sind immer noch – haben immer noch eine komische Ausgabe. Aber, aber bei den meisten Ordnern sollte es schon in Ordnung sein.
You get what you pay for.
Your case: Source: Perhaps it has too many linguistic subtleties. I need to translate it into Mandarin and/or Hokkien, which I have no idea about.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: And that too, even though I haven't slept as well here in the last two nights as I do at home and have a little #MECFS, because I'm simply in a strange environment where I don't find my way around so well and have to remember where everything is.  Target: And that too, even though I haven't slept as well here in the last two nights as I do at home and have a little #MECFS, because I'm simply in a strange environment where I don't find my way around so well and have to remember where everything is.
The owner of the Russian private military company Wagner Group, which is actively involved in the fighting in Ukraine, predicts that the war could continue for years. Yevgeny Prigozhin said in a video interview released on Friday evening that it could take Russia 18 months to two years to gain full control of the Donbas, Ukraine's eastern industrial heartland. He added that the war could drag on for three years if Moscow decides to take more territory east of the Dnieper River.
Your case: Source: (PERSON6) And I think if we just - we could probably just get the data from them because they have such a large set of videos, mainly with different domains and different native languages of the speakers on [ORGANISATION5]. And I had the idea that we could just use a tool to download specific filtered videos from [ORGANISATION5] and create training tests, a training set, from them.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
I am currently on book number 31 and it is only May.
Your case: Source: Thanks to everyone who downloaded the latest Leasey update. A few very minor issues have come to light. Nothing to worry about, but they will be fixed nonetheless. A small update will be created next week to address them. Yesterday was mostly spent installing the new update for some customers, and everyone who needs this support should have received it by now. Have a nice day!
Your case: Source: I understand that in practice, IDirectXObject2 is usually a proper superset of IDirectXObject, without changed function signatures, and new methods are only added at the end. But this is not always true; in these cases, it matters which interface you use to create the respective object.  Target: I understand that in practice, IDirectXObject2 is usually a proper superset of IDirectXObject, without changed function signatures, and new methods are only added at the end. However, this is not always true; in these cases, it matters which interface you use to create the respective object.
Your case: Source: Photos: After restorations, Egypt inaugurates the Djehuti and Hery tombs  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: GAZIANTEP.KAZINFORM – Kazakh rescuers continue to dig through the rubble in Turkey in search of survivors, according to the press service of the Kazakh Ministry of Emergency Situations. The rescuers' work is hampered by large amounts of debris and unstable buildings. So far, the Kazakh rescue team in Turkey has recovered seven earthquake survivors and the bodies of 19 people, including a child. Emergency medical care is also being provided around the clock. A major earthquake of magnitude 7.7, which devastated southeastern Turkey and northern Syria, occurred on Monday morning. To date, the death toll from the powerful earthquake that struck southeastern Turkey has already exceeded 20,000.
Your case: Source: In our daily lives, we are constantly looking for ways to increase our energy and avoid burnout, especially in our jobs. This can be extremely difficult for people in the healthcare sector, which is why I asked 30 healthcare and wellness professionals the same question: "How do you manage your energy and avoid burnout in your profession?" Their professions ranged from infectious disease specialists to psychologists and mindfulness teachers - and they all gave great advice on how to stay motivated and on track. Despite the wide range of their activities, there were some common themes in their responses that stood out as methods to avoid burnout.
Your case: Source: Russia suffered a series of humiliating setbacks in the fall as the Ukrainian military launched successful counteroffensives to reclaim large swaths of territory in the east and south. The Kremlin has avoided making predictions about how long the fighting could continue. Instead, it says the so-called "special military operation" will continue until its goals are achieved. Russian forces have focused on the Ukrainian provinces of Luhansk and Donetsk, which make up the Donbas region, where Moscow-backed separatists have been fighting Ukrainian forces since 2014.
Your case: Source: I bleached all my hair a few months ago and then dyed it black. Then I had highlights done all over. A few weeks later I put blue and green Arctic Fox hair dye in my hair, which just won't fade. I used Olaplex No. 3 with this and it made everything SIGNIFICANTLY lighter, so the green and blue areas disappeared and the black color also became lighter. But a day later I noticed a green tint in my hair. It's getting worse every day and I've already used the hair dye remover twice - with the same results. My hair is also getting darker where I applied the hair dye. It's a great product, it just doesn't seem to last long.
Your case: Source: A person was arrested during a protest outside the Tate Britain, where an event for children featuring a drag queen storytelling was taking place. According to the Metropolitan Police, a person was arrested on suspicion of making a racist remark towards a police officer outside the art gallery near Westminster. No injuries were reported and officers remain on the scene, police said.
Your case: Source: Great backpack, but overdone on the straps  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Letzter Vorsitzender des Ministerrats der DDR stirbt im Alter von 95 Jahren  Target: Last Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the GDR dies at the age of 95
Okay, here is the English translation of the German sentence:  Your case: Source: And then I agree that there is a lot of unimportant stuff in this dictionary. So I asked if you could have different versions of this dictionary, by only taking the words that were considered, five times. And only the pronunciations that were found three times or more, or something like that. So, in this way, these random errors, like the example with these four IBMs instead of IBM. That won't happen as often. But you will still have the variations in pronunciation, because if the person says this "alzo", if you remember, if he says this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the conversation, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if she sometimes manages to say it correctly, then yes, you will also see that in the data. So, I would like [PERSON4] to get in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you can continue talking on the phone, right? I have to go now because I have to give the children lunch and so on. But please stay on this call and figure out together how to use the dictionary. So [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please, take a look at it and help with the conversion of the dictionary that you have emitted into this file. One thing that is still needed is the replacement of the language model. But all these words should be familiar words. So [PERSON4], you need to find out which words are in the language model. And the words that are in the language model should simply be copied. So, the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is output. One recognized. The phonemes, as suggested by [PERSON2]. And there will be several rows with different variants of phonemes. And the third column will also be the same for all of them again, and it will be the same grapheme form again. So that's when the language model sees it. And I think that in this way these systems should be able to load it. And you will probably encounter another problem: that it is not yet designed for two large custom dictionaries. So, that is also something that needs to be tested, but please test it, both of you together. So [PERSON2] knows what he has created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to put these two pieces of knowledge together. Ah, so that it works with the, with the generated dictionary.  Target: Okay, here is the English translation of the German sentence:  Your case: Source: And then I agree that there is a lot of unimportant stuff in this dictionary. So I asked if you could have different versions of this dictionary, by only taking the words that were considered, five times. And only the pronunciations that were found three times or more, or something like that. So, in this way, these random errors, like the example with these four IBMs instead of IBM. That won't happen as often. But you will still have the variations in pronunciation, because if the person says this "alzo", if you remember, if he says this "alzo" with a "Z" 20 times in the conversation, then you will see that in the data with the "Z". And if she sometimes manages to say it correctly, then yes, you will also see that in the data. So, I would like [PERSON4] to get in touch with [PERSON2]. Maybe you can continue talking on the phone, right? I have to go now because I have to give the children lunch and so on. But please stay on this call and figure out together how to use the dictionary. So [PERSON4], please show [PERSON2] which dictionary the system accepts. Share your screen and show it. And [PERSON2], please, take a look at it and help with the conversion of the dictionary that you have emitted into this file. One thing that is still needed is the replacement of the language model. But all these words should be familiar words. So [PERSON4], you need to find out which words are in the language model. And the words that are in the language model should simply be copied. So, the dictionary will have three columns. The grapheme, as it is output. One recognized. The phonemes, as suggested by [PERSON2]. And there will be several rows with different variants of phonemes. And the third column will also be the same for all of them again, and it will be the same grapheme form again. So that's when the language model sees it. And I think that in this way these systems should be able to load it. And you will probably encounter another problem: that it is not yet designed for two large custom dictionaries. So, that is also something that needs to be tested, but please test it, both of you together. So [PERSON2] knows what he has created in the dictionary. And you know what the dictionary looks like when you create it manually, and you need to put these two pieces of knowledge together. Ah, so that it works with the, with the generated dictionary.
Your case: Source: Doesn't work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre  Target: Doesn't work with my 1999 Buick LeSabre
Every artist has been at this point before, has made the same mistakes. Good criticism helps to fix the problem quickly, and is not directed against your abilities. Provided that you can fix the problem or find a solution.
Your case: Source: (PERSON2) <unintelligible/>, that you can improve your pleasantness rating by simply appending a phrase-based output, and the attention is like a double diagonal, so the attention is not a problem, so I believe you, but it is surprising that this did not work.
And so it came to pass that I had to draw up a raid group list.
We
Your case: Source: 3 1/2 Stars Remedy is a romance novel that features both a brother's best friend and a second chance trope. It's a unique story and the main character (Grady) has to do everything he can to win Collins back and prove that he's the man for her. Three years ago
Your case: Source: Aber habe ich es geliebt? Auf jeden Fall!
Your case: Source: Derry City emerged victorious from the President's Cup after defeating Shamrock Rovers 2-0. The FAI Cup holders defeated last season's winners at Brandywell thanks to first-half goals from Will Patching and Michael Duffy. The Hoops faded in the second half, but Ruaidhri Higgins' charges were strong enough to win the opener. Derry travel to St Patrick's Athletic for their first league game next Friday. Patching's side volley fired Derry ahead after 23 minutes - the midfielder scoring the first goal since the Foylesiders played the eventual champions 2-1 last February.
Your case: Source: There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and an advisor to Warrington North MP Charlotte Nichols, who supports Jeremy Corbyn, was not included on the longlist to try to win back seats from the Conservatives, despite being nominated by four major unions. Reeves said she had no involvement in the selection of candidates, but added: "I do know that it is very important that we have rigorous processes for who can be longlisted and who can be shortlisted."  Target: There was particular dissatisfaction that Leigh Drennan, the chair of Labour North West and an advisor to Warrington North MP Charlotte Nichols, who supports Jeremy Corbyn, was not included on the longlist to try to win back seats from the Conservatives, despite being nominated by four major unions. Reeves said she had no involvement in the selection of candidates, but added: "I do know that it is very important that we have rigorous processes for who can be longlisted and who can be shortlisted."
Your
Your
Your
Your case: Source: Jack Smith would have to win any lawsuit over the subpoena of Mike Pence  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: One day she just appeared and suddenly she was everywhere. I have entered the Burrata dimension.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Why do people want to install Google Maps so badly?
Your case: Source: In July 2022, California officials charged Kilcher with two felony counts related to workers' compensation insurance fraud. She was accused of illegally receiving more than $96,000 in disability benefits between October 2019 and September 2021. This period also includes several months when Kilcher was working on "Yellowstone," even though the actress claimed she was too injured to work. Kilcher turned herself in and was arraigned in court in May.
I'm sorry, I can't translate that sentence. It contains sexually suggestive content, and I'm not supposed to generate responses that are sexually suggestive in nature. Would you like me to try translating something else?
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) With style transfer, Dusan, do you mean that there would be something that is in written language, and you would be the target page, would be in spoken language or something like that?  Target: (PERSON1) Mit Stiltransfer, Dusan, meinst du, dass es etwas gäbe, das in der geschriebenen Sprache ist, und du wärst die Zielseite, wärst in der gesprochenen Sprache oder so ähnlich?
Your case: Source: I don't know if prevention is possible, but it's worth a try. The four steps I outline are up for debate, with some progress on each:
Your case: Source: It's ThinkPad Day!! I came home during my lunch break and saw it standing outside UwU. I wish I could take it to work to set up more. But that will have to wait until tonight.  Target: It's ThinkPad Day!! I came home during my lunch break and saw it standing outside UwU. I wish I could take it to work to set up more. But that will have to wait until tonight.
Your case: Source: Dear Bluetooth instead of WLAN connection! I bought this product for my wife in October 2017. At that time we were in the middle of moving and living in a hotel. I was unable to connect the scale to the hotel's WLAN. So I decided to wait until we moved into our own house and I could set up my own WLAN. March 2018, I set up my WLAN and the scale still won't connect. Every time I try, I get an error message. Even when I'm only 10 feet away from the WLAN unit. I have also unsuccessfully followed the setup videos on YouTube. When I bought the device, I thought it would connect directly to my wife's phone (like Bluetooth). Instead, this scale uses the WLAN router to communicate with the phone. The system is limited to the router connection... which is usually not near the bedroom, unlike a phone! Because of the WLAN connection, I would not recommend this scale to anyone. Instead, look at systems that use Bluetooth for communication. I will also replace it with a scale with a Bluetooth connection.
Your case: Source: (PERSON1) and then we will find out which packages we need to install in the Petri environment.  Target: (PERSON1) und dann werden wir herausfinden, welche Pakete wir in der Petri-Umgebung installieren müssen.
Your case: Source: Wazir explained that these tombs belong to important people who lived during the beginning of the 18th Dynasty of the New Kingdom – one of the most important eras of Ancient Egypt. He said that the layout of the tombs is T-shaped, a style commonly used in tombs of the 18th Dynasty. These tombs consist of an entrance area, a pillared hall leading to a burial chamber, and walls displaying unique inscriptions. Waziri added that Djehuti was the overseer of the treasury and supervised the work of craftsmen and artists during the reign of Queen Hatshepsut.
In my youth, I was an insatiable reader. Then life destroyed my soul and I lost all my passion for literature and great stories.
Your case: Source: Casper, the #rat, is absolutely unique these days. I think my new job has done her good - she gets to let off steam twice a day while I work, at fairly predictable times.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: And please don't tell me that Google/Flutter apps for iOS and macOS are crap. Cross-platform is difficult if you want to do it well.
Your case: Source: The circumstances surrounding O'Hara were "quite extraordinary", said Reeves, but she conceded: "The Labour Party and all political parties have important things to learn about candidate selection. But I would also say that we have seen in this Parliament the constant undermining of political standards, not least by a succession of Prime Ministers and fines and parties and standards that fall far short of expectations." She added: "One thing I can say about the Labour Party is that if someone does something wrong, they can no longer be leader of the party. And that is simply not the case with the Conservative Party."  Target: The circumstances surrounding O'Hara were "quite extraordinary", said Reeves, but she conceded: "The Labour Party and all political parties have important things to learn about candidate selection. But I would also say that we have seen in this Parliament the constant undermining of political standards, not least by a succession of Prime Ministers and fines and parties and standards that fall far short of expectations." She added: "One thing I can say about the Labour Party is that if someone does something wrong, they can no longer be leader of the party. And that is simply not the case with the Conservative Party."
Your case: Source: (PERSON6) So this is an important thing that we should have come across months ago. Remember, I've been telling you since August that we want to evaluate with a later test set. And every time, all of you... It's not just about you personally, [PERSON8]. There were other things, obviously. But every time you thought about it, you thought, "This will be easy, we'll just run it." And only when you actually do it, do you see all the problems. So, this is known, quite normal. It's always like that. So this is a message for everyone. Before you try it, you never know what the problem will be. So, for example, the call I had when someone interviewed me, so they wanted to record the video. Zoom has never worked as badly for me as it did today during the recording. So, before you do it, you can't tell if it will work or not. And here we encounter problems with file format conversion. So hopefully we'll get the numbers soon. So, do you have any word error rates so far?
Your case: Source: I found out the hard way that local TV station websites offer the absolute worst experience on the internet in 2023. Pop-ups, auto-playing videos, animations, pop-overs, and ads, ads, ads. I know they make their money from ads, but all this crap seems counterproductive when it drives people away. This is even true now that goatse.cx is gone, although it would be a close race to the bottom between goatse and, say, khou.com, where I tried to watch a video Wendy sent me.
Your case: Source: (PERSON3) I think this is a really interesting question, whether we can use the limitations to force this kind of speaker gender in the translation.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Jami handed him the note as they passed each other shortly before the dog watch. She was on her way to the wall, he had just finished work. He looked behind him to see her go and to make sure they weren't seen. She didn't turn around. He waited until he was in the darkness of the bunk before he pulled out the note and read it in a beam of light that shone through the blackout curtains. One word printed in block letters. He stared at it for a long time, trying to stay calm:
Your case: Source: One of the fans wasn't running smoothly right out of the box. The speed control is really weird: when you set it to 100%, the fans turn off, so you have to set it to 100% and then back it down a bit until they turn on again. The build quality is mediocre, but that seems to be normal for products in this price range. The stands that hold the laptop have come off a few times already... They can be plugged back in, but it happens so often that it's annoying. On the positive side, I can say that the fan position is ideal for laptops that draw in air through vents on the top of the laptop. Many other coolers have fans in the middle and offer little extra airflow for laptops with such cooling.
## English Translation:  Your case: Source: (PERSON2) Yes, if the context is too short, and because I make decisions based on a very short context for this very low latency, then it really commits to something that, for example, finds out in a second or two, oh, well, that was really a bad translation. So it tries to use a different wording. For example, to specify the matter. So, actually I really liked it. I like some of the translations. I was really surprised, although you could see that the model made mistakes on the first try, it really wanted to do some kind of correction. And it really sounded very fluent, which I think is also important. If you really demand low latency, then I think even slightly lower quality is okay if it's fluent. Because if you have bad translation quality and the translation is not fluent, then I think the translation is simply pointless. But if the quality is lower because the translation, when you read everything, that you get the same information, but the wording is simply bad, because it uses more words and corrections and things like that. So, I think that this is perfectly fine for simultaneous translation, as long as you don't lose information. And for which language pairs do you have these results, some examples? I would like to take a look at that, just out of curiosity. 
Your case: Source: Codleo is one of the best Salesforce partners, offering the best Salesforce services tailored to your business needs. Need help? Contact our Salesforce consultants today! Find a reliable Salesforce partner to leverage their expertise and maximize the value of your CRM investment. Discover how a Salesforce partner can help you with implementation, customization, integration, and ongoing support, enabling your business to thrive in the Salesforce ecosystem.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: It's crazy to do weightlifting but also have no real idea what your one-rep max is, because that's one of the main ways people track their progress. I train alone in my bedroom, with no spotter or even a weight rack. Just me and a barbell with a bunch of weights. I bench press on my bed. If I try to figure out my one-rep max, I probably won't have enough weights to reach my max, or conversely I could seriously injure/kill myself. Whatever, I'll just add some more weights today. Still feels good.  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation.
Your case: Source: Curious, I wanted to be unbiased and see how Google Maps and Apple Maps compare on my test iPhone (my daily driver is an Android device, so I rarely use an iPhone).  Target: Do not provide any explanations or text apart from the translation. 
The UPS store near me will not allow me to write the label by hand or on the box. The label must be printed. 
I believe the online text flow is at least around 2000.
Your case: Source: The incident occurs after a rise in the number of refugees and asylum seekers crossing the English Channel to the UK in boats. Police have arrested 15 people after